Choi Yong

3rd Dan

Named after the General Choi Yong, premier and commander in chief of the armed forces during the 14th century Koryo Dynasty. Choi Young was greatly respected for his loyalty, patriotism, and humility. He was executed by his subordinate commanders headed by general Yi Sung Gae who later became the first king of the Lee Dynasty.

Step forward with left in a cat stance with right foot in back stance, fighting guarding block
Execute high punch with left middle knuckle fist while maintaining right back stance
shift the left foot towards the back of the room into a left back stance with right foot cat stance, turn to right into fighting guarding block
Execute high punch with right middle knuckle fist while maintaining left back stance
 Turn left into a left front stance and execute left high knife hand block.
Execute a circular block with the right inner forearm while maintaining a left front stance.
Execute left middle punch while maintaining left front stance.
Turn right into a right front stance and execute a right high knife hand block.
Execute a circular block with the left inner forearm while maintaining right front stance.
Execute right middle punch while maintaining right front stance.
Move the right foot in line with the left foot while turning left, execute low knife hand block in a right back stance.
Execute a right middle roundhouse kick and then lower in front of left leg.
Execute a high reverse hooking kick with left foot.
Execute a middle side kick with left foot, pulling both hands in opposite direction. Perform 13 and 14 in consecutive kicks.
Lower the left foot into a left front stance while striking left palm with the right elbow.
Move the left foot in line with the right foot while turning right, execute low knife hand block in a left back stance.
Execute a left middle roundhouse kick and then lower in front of right leg.
Execute a high reverse hooking kick with right foot.
Execute a middle side kick with right foot, pulling both hands in opposite direction. Perform 18 and 19 in consecutive kicks.
Lower the right foot into a right front stance while striking the right palm with the left elbow.
Move left foot into a left front stance which executing pressing blocks (right palm up and left palm down).
Move the right foot into a right front stance while executing pressing blocks (left palm up and right palm down). Perform 21 and 22 in fast motion.
Move the right foot past left foot, turn left and move left foot into a left front stance, execute mountain knife hand blocks. (Palms facing outward).
Execute a right middle front snap kick maintaining mountain knife hand blocks.
 Lower the right foot back to form a right back stance while executing a middle guarding block.
Move the right foot into a right front stance while executing mountain knife hand blocks (palms facing outwards).
Execute a left middle front snap kick, maintaining knife hand blocks.
Lower the left foot forward into a left back stance, turning right and execute a middle guarding block.
Step forward with left foot, step forward right foot slide left foot into a left back stance while executing a middle guarding block.
Move the left foot into a left front stance while executing a high left fingertip strike.
Turning to the right in a right front stance while executing a high right fingertip strike.
Move the right foot turning clockwise (a quarter turn) to form a parallel stance while executing a middle hooking block with the right palm.
Execute a left middle punch while maintaining stance.
Turn to the right while forming a left bending fighting stance with right leg up to left knee.
Execute a right middle side kick.
Lower the right foot and in a jumping motion into a right x-stance while executing a high right back fist strike and bringing left palm to side of back fist.
Execute a high reverse hooking kick with right leg.
Lower the right foot in a stamping motion to form a left back stance while executing a right middle knife hand strike.
Turning to the left to form a parallel stance while executing a middle hooking block with the left palm.
Execute a right middle punch while maintaining stance.
Turn to the right while forming a right bending fighting stance with left leg up to right knee.
Execute a left middle side kick.
Lower the left foot and in a jumping motion into a left x-stance while executing a high left back fist strike and bringing right palm to side of back fist.
Execute a high reverse hooking kick with left leg.
Lower the left foot in a stamping motion to form a right back stance while executing a left middle knife hand strike.
Slide right foot into a 50/50 left back stance while executing a right middle punch.
