Chon-ji

White

Literally means "Heaven and Earth", and in the Orient, is interpreted as the creation of the world and the beginning of human history. Therefore, it is the initial pattern learned by the beginner. The pattern consists of two parts - one part represents heaven, the other, earth.

19

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance with a low block
2. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
3. Turn right 180 degrees, pivoting on left foot, into a right front stance with a low block
4. Step forward with the left foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
5. Turn left 90 degrees, pivoting on right foot,  into a left front stance with a low block
6. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
7. Turn right 180 degrees, pivoting on left foot, into a right front stance with a low block
8. Step forward with the left foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
9. Turn 90 degrees left, pivoting on the right foot, into a right back stance with an inside-outside block
10. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
11. Turn right 180 degrees, pivoting on the left foot, into a left back stance with an inside-outside block
12. Step forward with the left foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
13. Turn 90 degrees left, pivoting on the right foot, into a right back stance with an inside-outside block
14. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
15. Turn right 180 degrees, pivoting on the left foot, into a left back stance with an inside-outside block
16. Step forward with the left foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
17. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
18. Step backward with the right foot into left front stance with a middle section punch
19. Step backward with the left foot into a right front stance with a middle section punch and kiyap
