Choong-Jang

3rd Dan ITF

The pseudonym given to General Kim Duk Ryang who lived during the Yi Dynasty (14th Century). This pattern ends with a left-hand attack, intending to symbolize the tragedy of his death at age 27 in prison.

52

1. Step out right foot into a horse stance simultaneous left hand low block right hand inside outside block (mid level)
2. Switch by right hand low block left hand inside out
3. Pull right foot to left (feet together) in a closed stance. Right back elbow, left side punch with fists on top of each other.
4. Step forward with left foot in front stance in a reverse two finger strike.
5. Step forward with right foot into a front stance,  left two finger strike
6. Without moving feet, right downward back fist; left fist supports back of right elbow.
7. Step forward in a left front stance, high rising block with left hand
8. Step forward in right front stance, high section punch and kiyap.
9. Pick up right foot pivoting on left and turn a 360 degree turn to left landing in right back stance (left foot forward) hands in fighting stance
10. Right foot snap kick middle
11. Right hand flat fingertip thrust.
12. Bring hands down and execute Black Belt one step #5
13. End number#5 one step with a punch to the groin.
14. Stand up and pick up left foot stepping forward and turning the body to the back of the room in a left back stance, left back elbow strike to the front of the room, right hand fist to side.
15. Pick up left foot turning 360 degrees  (turning clockwise) land in a left back stance (facing front of room) hands in fighting stance.
16. Right foot steps back in right back stance; left upward palm pressing block slow motion. (Still facing front of room)
17. Pick up left foot stepping backwards in a left back stance,  right Knife hand strike.
18. Shift to back of room (while pivoting on right foot) in a left front stance; X-block fists low
19. Bring X-block straight up and collar grab, bring right knee up and slap hands downward on right knee.
20. Put right foot down in a right back stance to the front of the room; knife hand middle.
21. Pick up right root turning clockwise direction, in a right back stance (the stance facing back of room); right back elbow, left hand is fist to side…while looking in the direction of the elbow strike.
22. Shift weight to front of room, knife hands middle in a left back stance.
23. Side kick middle with right leg to front of room; kiyap
24. Put foot down in a right cat stance (facing back of room) twin palm block low.
25. Step forward in a right front stance; right hand outside-inside block and add a right hand back fist to the temple.
26. Pick up left foot turning counter clockwise (facing front of room) land in a right back stance; left flat fingertip thrust.
27. Windmill right arm, right hand slaps on top of back of left hand …high section. Right foot middle snap kick.
28. Pivot on left foot (face the back of room) turning counter clockwise in a left front stance; simultaneous right backward elbow and left side punch (hands vertically aligned) looking toward back of room.
29. Pick up left foot shifting to a right back stance; left inside-outside ridge-hand strike.
30. Right hand punches in palm of left hand.
31. Step forward into a left back stance; right inside-outside ridge-hand strike.
32. Left hand punches in palm of right hand.
33. Shift weight to front of room into a right back stance;  left knife hand strike.
34. Slide out into a left front stance (facing front of room); right hand back fist to nose, left hand slaps back of right elbow.
35. Step forward in a left back stance, right knife hand strike.
36. Slide right foot out into a right front stance, left back fist to nose, right hand slaps left elbow.
37. Shift left foot counter clockwise (facing back of room) in right back stance; ridge hand low block.
38. Slide out in a left front stance, nine block with right arm down.
39. Step forward in a left back stance, ridge hand low block.
40. Slide out into a right front stance; nine block with left arm down.
41. Step backward with right foot in a left front stance; twin knife hand strikes (striking toward your back).
42. Reverse (right) arc hand strike.
43. Right foot front snap kick middle landing in a right front stance.
44. Reverse (left) arc hand strike.
45. Left foot front snap kick middle landing in a left front stance.
46. Right hand (reverse) middle punch.
47. Left hand middle punch.
48. Bring right foot to left (feet touching); twin high crescent punch.
49. Rotate counter clockwise 270 degrees in a left front stance; knife hand low block.
50. Reverse high palm strike.
51. Bring left to right (feet touching facing front of room), step out clockwise 90 degrees into a right front stance, right knife hand low block.
52. Reverse palm strike high, kiyap.
