Chung-Mu

Brown Belt (1st Gup Perm)

The name given to the great Admiral Yi Sun Sin of the Yi dynasty.  He was reputed to have invented the first armored battleship (kobukson) which was the precursor of the present day submarine in 1592 AD.  The reason this pattern finishes with a left hand attack is to symbolize his regrettable death, having no chance to show his loyalty to the king. 

30

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance, twin forearm block with knife-hands
2. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, high knife-hand strike, high knife-hand block
3. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
4. Step forward with the left leg into a left front stance, flat fingertip thrust high
5. Turn left 90 degrees (toward front of the room) into a right back stance by pivoting on right foot, knife-hand guarding block middle
6. Right leg step side kick toward back of the room, landing in a right back stance (same stance as before kick)
7. Left knife-hand guarding block middle to the front
8. Taking two steps forward, right flying side kick, landing in a left back stance with a
9. Knife-hand guarding block middle
10. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance (pivoting on right foot), low block
11. Shift into a left front stance, thrust both arc hands forward high as if to grab an opponent’s neck, bring right knee up and smash hands against it and kiyap
12. Place right foot down in a front stance and pivot on right foot turning left 180 degrees into a left front stance, simultaneous right ridge hand strike high and left downward pressing block with left knife-hand stopping just under right elbow
13. Right (back leg) roundhouse kick breaking technique high
14. Left reverse side kick middle, landing in a left back stance facing the opposite direction from kick (toward right from front of room)
15. Right fighting stance (right outer forearm block, left hand at solar plexus) at 45 degrees to stance
16. Left (back leg) roundhouse kick breaking technique middle to 45 degree angle (135 degrees from original leg position towards right front of room), landing in a left back stance facing the back of the room with a
17. u-shape block
18. Jump and spin left 360 degrees landing in a left back stance facing same direction, knife-hand guarding block middle
19. Step forward with the left leg into a left front stance, right low flat fingertip strike (palm up) to groin with left knife-hand simultaneously protecting face
20. Move left foot into a right back stance, simultaneous slow motion left low block and right high back fist strike to bridge of nose of opponent behind you
21. Step forward with right foot into a right front stance, kwansu
22. Turn left 270 degrees by pivoting on right foot into a left front stance, double forearm block
23. Step forward with right foot into a left back stance, outside-inside block
24. Shift into a riding horse stance, right back fist strike high to temple
25. Turning left 180 degrees, right (back leg) side kick high landing in a front stance
26. Left (back leg) side kick high
27. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, x-block knife-hands high
28. Step forward with left leg into a left front stance, twin palm upward pressing blocks
29. Turn right 180 degrees by pivoting on left foot into a right front stance, high block
30. Reverse middle punch and kiyap
