Chun Kwon

WTF 7th Dan

Sky. Since ancient times, the open and mysterious vastness of the sky has made it a source of reverence for people because it was something that could never be reached. Often it was worshipped as the ruler of the universe or the dwelling place of God.

26

1a. Slowly raise hands up along center of body to shoulder height with elbows up to the sides and finger tips pointing to the opposite sides.
1b. Slowly push and extend hands out to the sides with flexed wrists and fingers pointed upwards. Movement should take 8-10 seconds.
2a. Keep elbows up, slowly circle the hands down and in until they come together lower face height.
2b. Remain in stance and turn palms out
2c. Slowly circle the hands up and apart
2d. Step back with left foot into a cat stance, execute middle twin uppercut knuckle fist punches.
3. Slide the right foot forward slightly into right front stance, execute a high left knife hand block.
4a. Remain in stance and make a grasping motion with the left hand in slow motion.
4b. Step forward with left leg into a left front stance, execute a right middle punch in slow motion.
5. Remain in stance and execute high right knife hand block
6. Make a grasping motion with right hand in slow motion.
6b. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, execute a left middle punch in slow motion.
7. Remain in stance and execute high left knife block and make grasping motion.
8a. Execute a left middle side kick. Kiyap
8b. Lower left leg into a left front stance, execute a low left hand block.
9. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, execute a right middle punch.
10. Turn 270 degrees into a right back stance and execute a left outer forearm support block with right arm supporting and guarding middle section.
11a. Remain in stance and circle left arm to outside.
11b. Remain in stance and draw left fist up in a circular motion and back to chamber as right hand reaches forward and makes grabbing motion.
11c. Remain in stance, execute a left middle punch.
12a. Step forward with right leg into a left back stance, execute a high left knife hand rising block. Left hand makes a grasping motion.
12b. Remain in back stance, execute a right middle punch.
13. Turn 180 degrees into a left back stance and execute a right outer forearm support block with left arm supporting and guarding middle section.
14a. Remain in stance and circle right arm to outside.
14b. Remain in stance and draw right fist up in a circular motion and back to chamber as left hand reaches forward and makes grasping motion.
14c. Remain in stance, execute a right middle punch.
15a. Step forward with left leg into a right back stance, execute a high right knife hand rising block. Right hand makes a grasping motion.
15b. Remain in back stance, execute a left middle punch.
16. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, execute a middle inside outside outer forearm block.
17. Remain in stance, execute left middle punch.
18a. Execute right middle front snap kick.
18b. Lower right leg down into a right front stance, execute a right middle punch.
19. Slide the left leg back into a left back stance, execute low knife hand block.
20a. Remain in stance and close right hand into a fist.
20b. Remain in stance and sweep the right arm up and right fist slaps into left open palm and into a right outer forearm block.
20c. Remain in stance and sweep the right arm down and right fist slaps into left open palm and into a right low block.
21. Turn toes of right foot into a horse stance, execute simultaneous high left hand high block, right middle punch.
22a. Shift weight to start tornado kick.
22b. Right leg Tornado kick striking the left palm.
22c. Lower right leg down into horse stance, execute simultaneous high left hand block, right middle punch.
23. Turn torso and look 180 degrees left as feet shift into a left back stance, execute High left knife hand vertical block and low right knife hand block. Perform in slow motion. (Partial mountain block).
24. Turn torso and look 180 degrees right as feet shift into a right back stance, execute high right knife hand vertical block and low left knife hand block. Perform in slow motion. (Partial mountain block).
25a. Pivot 180 degrees right on right foot an upright stance as hands slowly circle up and around.
25b. Step forward with right foot into a cat stance, as hands circle together and push slowly away from the body (palm blocks).
26a. Slide right foot back into an upright stance as hands slowly circle up and around.
26b. Step forward with left foot into a cat stance, as hands circle together and push slowly away from the body (palm blocks).
