Eui-Am

2nd Dan ITF

The pseudonym of Son Byong Hi, leader of the Korean independence movement on March 1, 1919. The 45 movements refer to his age when he changed the name of Dong Hak (Oriental culture) to Chondo Kyo (Heavenly way religion) in 1905. The diagram represents his Indomitable Spirit, displayed while dedicating himself to the prosperity of his nation.

45

1. Step back with right foot into a left front stance, execute a low right knife hand block (palm up) with left fist over right shoulder. Kiyap
2. Step back with left foot into a right front stance, execute a high side block with left outer forearm.
3. Maintain stance and right middle punch. Kiyap
4. Execute a left low twisting kick.
5. Lower the left foot down into a left front stance, execute a downward x-block fists.
6. Maintain stance and execute a high right knife hand block.
7. Jump forward forming a right x-stance (left foot behind right leg), execute a high side strike with the right back fist, bringing the left fingers to the right side of the fist.
8. Move the left foot (moving opposite direction) into a right back stance while executing a left middle punch. Kiyap
9. Execute a right middle reverse spinning wheel kick.
10. Lower the right foot down in a stomping motion to form a horse stance while executing a right middle knife hand strike.
11. Execute a left middle side kick while turning clockwise pulling both hands in opposite direction.
12. Lower the left foot into a left front stance while executing a high right side punch (crescent punch).
13. Step forward with right foot (both feet shoulder width apart) and execute a slow motion left middle side punch (crescent punch).
14. Step back with left foot into a right front stance, execute a low left knife hand block (palm up) with right fist over left shoulder.
15. Step back with right foot into a left front stance, execute a high side block with right outer forearm.
16. Maintain stance and left middle punch. Kiyap
17. Execute a right low twisting kick.
18. Lower the right foot down into a right front stance, execute a downward x-block fists.
19. Maintain stance and execute a high left knife hand block.
20. Jump forward forming a left x-stance (right foot behind left leg), execute a high side strike with the left back fist, bringing the right fingers to the left side of the fist.
21. Move the right foot (moving opposite direction) into a left back stance while executing a right middle punch. Kiyap
22. Execute a left middle reverse spinning wheel kick.
23. Lower the left foot down in a stomping motion to form a horse stance while executing a left middle knife hand strike.
24. Execute a right middle side kick while turning clockwise pulling both hands in opposite direction.
25. Lower the right foot into a right front stance while executing a high left side punch (crescent punch).
26. Step forward with left foot (both feet shoulder width apart) and execute a slow motion right middle side punch (crescent punch).
27. Step with right foot into a right front stance while executing a middle wedging block with knife hands (palms out).
28. Maintain stance and execute a circular left ridge hand block while twisting body.
29. Move right foot to form a left cat stance and execute a downward palm block with right over left palm side by side.
30. Slide right foot forward into a left back stance while executing a left middle punch.
31. Execute a low right ridge hand block (palm down) and shifting backwards slightly into a left back stance.  Kiyap
32. Step with left foot into a left front stance while executing a middle wedging block with knife hands (palms out).
33. Maintain stance and execute a circular right ridge hand block while twisting body.
34. Move left foot to form a right cat stance and execute a downward palm block with left over right palm side by side.
35. Slide left foot forward into a right back stance while executing a right middle punch.
36. Execute a low left Ridge hand block (palm down) and shifting backwards slightly into a right back stance. Kiyap
37. Execute a high right reverse spinning wheel kick.
38. Lower right foot forming a cat stance and into a left back stance, middle guarding block-fighting stance.
39. Execute a high left reverse spinning wheel kick.
40. Lower left foot forming a cat stance and into a right back stance, middle guarding block-fighting stance.
41. Move the left leg back and to the side of the right foot, then move the right leg back into a right back stance, execute a right knife hand low block.
42. Execute a right middle punch while forming a left front stance.
43. Move the left foot back into a left back stance while executing a right knife hand low block.
44. Execute a left middle punch while forming a right front stance by sliding the left foot.
45. Maintain stance and execute a high right punch and Kiyap.
