Gae-Bek

3rd Dan ITF

Named after Gae-Bek, a great general in the Baek Je Dynasty (660 A.D.).  The diagram represents his severe and strict military discipline.

44

1. Step back with the right leg into a right back stance, x-block high with knife hands
2. Right twisting front snap kick middle, placing foot down into a right front stance
3. Middle section punch followed by a
4. Reverse middle section punch
5. Step back with right leg into a left front stance, left low block
6. Left high block
7. Shift into a horse stance without changing the position of feet (45 degrees to right), double palm pressing block
8. Pick up left foot close to right knee to execute a right bending stance with fists
9. Set down left foot to form a horse stance facing right, left upward palm pressing block
10. Right middle punch
11. Left back fist strike to bridge of nose (downward motion) with right fist (palm down) under left elbow
12. Turn right 90 degrees by bring right foot back and left foot steps forward into a right back stance, left knife hand middle guarding block
13. Left (front leg) front snap kick high landing in a left front stance
14. Flat left fingertip thrust high followed by a
15. Right punch high
16. Right (back leg) side kick high and kiyap, placing foot down and turning left 180 degrees into a right back stance
17. Left middle guarding block with fists closed
18. Step forward with right leg, place foot down and turn left 180 degrees into a right back stance, left middle guarding block with fists closed
19. Pivot on right leg and turn left 180 degrees into a right back stance (left foot moved forward), left knife hand middle guarding block
20. Shift into a riding horse stance, right 9-shaped block (right hand below left)
21. Step forward with right leg and turn left 180 degrees into a right back stance towards back of room, left low block with knife hand
22. Moving to right at 45 degrees, right round house breaking kick high
23. Step side kick high and kiyap
24. Twin fists high (facing back/left 45 degree angle which is 90 degrees left from the side kick; body is same position),
25. Double pressing block from right side
26. Left uppercut punch while pulling right fist to left shoulder
27. Turn 90 degrees right into a left front stance (facing 45 degrees to right from front of room), right reverse front elbow strike into left palm (head squash)
28. Step forward with right foot and cross left foot behind into an x-stance, right downward back fist strike
29. Face left 90 degrees, right foot stays in place and left foot moves into a horse stance (facing 45 degrees to left from front of room), right palm upward pressing block
30. Left middle punch
31. Right downward back fist strike with left fist (palm down) under right elbow
32. Turn left 135 degrees (facing back of room) into a left front stance, right ridge hand strike with left palm heel block (under elbow)
33. Right roundhouse breaking middle, place foot down and turn into a right back stance facing front of room
34. Twin fists high
35. Right uppercut punch (under left arm which left fist brought to right shoulder, palm towards shoulder)
36. Step forward with right leg into a horse stance facing the left side of the room, left 9 shaped block (left hand below right)
37. Shift into a right back stance, left inverted ridge hand block low
38. Shift into a left back stance, right inverted ridge hand block low
39. Left outside-inside crescent kick (towards front of room) landing in a horse stance, mountain block
40. Left outside-inside crescent kick (towards back of room) landing in a horse stance, mountain block
41. Shift to a left front stance (towards back of room), high block
42. Reverse middle punch
43. Turn 180 degrees into a right front stance (towards front of room), high block,
44. Reverse middle punch and kiyap.
