Hansoo

8th Dan WTF

Water. Water is seen as the source of life and origin of all things in the universe.

27

1. Step forward with left leg into a left front stance, execute middle inside-outside ridge hand blocks
2. Step forward with right leg into a right front stance, execute twin hammer fist strikes to the ribs.
3. Step back with the right leg with left heel pivots and toes point into a horse stance, left  arm low block and high right arm vertical block.
4. Slide right leg into a left front stance, execute right reverse middle punch.
5. Step back with left leg with right heel pivots and toes point into a horse stance, right arm low block and high left arm vertical block.
6. Slide left leg into a left front stance, execute left reverse middle punch.
7. Step back with the right leg with left heel pivots and toes point into a horse stance, left  arm low block and high right arm vertical block.
8. Slide right leg into a left front stance, execute right reverse middle punch.
9. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, execute middle inside-outside ridge hand blocks.
10. Move the left leg to the left 45 degrees into a left front stance, execute a left arc hand strike to the neck with right arm supporting underneath left elbow.
11. Step forward with the right leg just beyond the left foot, execute twin upper cut punch.
12. Move the left leg back into a horse stance, execute a right low section inner wrist block while left hand grabs opponent. ( right striking into left motion).
13. Pivot on left foot, turn the body to the right one step back into a right back stance, execute left low knife hand block and high right knife hand block.
14. Turn the body to the left 90 degrees while lifting the left foot into a right crane stance, execute a right small hinge shape block. (both fists to right hip area with right fist palm up and left fist palm down directly over right fist).
15. Execute a high right side kick, lower left leg down into a left front stance and execute simultaneous high left knife hand block and high right knife hand strike.
16. Execute a high right front snap kick and jump into a right x-stance, execute high right back fist strike. Kiyap.
17. Move the left leg into a horse stance, execute a high left hand strike.
18. Pivot on the ball of the left foot, execute a right outside inside crescent kick, striking the left palm and into a horse stance, execute right elbow strike to the left palm.
19. Move the left foot toward the right foot, then move the right into a right front stance, execute a right arc hand strike to the neck with left arm supporting the underneath the right elbow.
20. Step forward with the left leg just beyond the right foot, execute twin upper cut punch.
21. Move the right back into a horse stance, execute a left low section inner wrist block while left hand grabs opponent. (left striking into right motion).
22. Pivot on the right foot, turn the body to the left one step back into a left back stance, execute right low knife hand block and a high left knife hand block.
23. Turn the body to the right 90 degrees while lifting right into a left crane stance, execute a left small hinge shape block. (both fists to left hip area with the left fist palm up and right fist palm down directly over left fist).
24. Execute a high right side kick, lower right leg down into a right front stance and execute simultaneous high right knife hand block and high left knife hand strike.
25. Execute a high left front snap kick and jump into a left x-stance, execute high left back fist strike. Kiyap
26. Move the right leg into a horse stance, execute a high right hand strike.
27. Pivot on the ball of the right foot, execute a left outside inside crescent kick, striking the right palm and into a horse stance, execute left elbow strike to the right palm.
