Hwa-Rang

Brown Belt (1st Gup Temp)

Named after the Hwarangdo youth group which originated in the Silla Dynasty around 620 AD.  This group eventually became the driving force in the unification of the three kingdoms of Korea.  (Silla, Koguryo, and Baek Je)

29

1. Bring left foot up to right knee and step out with the left leg into a riding horse stance, left 45 degree palm heel strike middle
2. Right middle punch immediately followed by a left middle punch
3. Turn right 90 degrees by shifting weight into a left back stance, twin forearm block
4. Left upper cut punch with right fist pulled back to protect the face
5. Shift weight into a right fixed stance, right lunge punch middle
6. Pull right foot back to left with feet still pointing at 90 degree angle to each other(L stance), right downward knife-hand strike to collar bone performing a circle motion in front of body
7. Step forward with left foot into a left front stance, middle punch
8. Turn left 90 degrees (toward front of room) into a left front stance, low block
9. Step forward with right leg into a right front stance, middle punch
10. Turn 90 degrees left and slide left foot forward to right foot into a closed stance, striking right fist into left palm at left side at solar plexus level
11. Right side kick middle (towards front of room, front leg), bring hands down to left hip during the kick, landing in a left back stance with a
12. Knife-hand strike to neck
13. Step forward with left leg into a left front stance, high punch
14. Step forward with right leg into a right front stance, high punch and kiyap
15. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
16. Step forward with right leg into a right front stance, right kwansu
17. Turn left 180 degrees into a right back stance by pivoting on left foot, knife-hand guarding block middle
18. Right leg (back leg) roundhouse kick middle breaking technique, putting right leg down with stomping motion
19. Left leg (back leg) roundhouse kick middle breaking technique, landing in a right back stance with a
20. Knife-hand guarding block middle
21. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, low block
22. Slide left foot (front foot) over into a right back stance, reverse middle punch
23. Step forward with the right foot into a back stance, reverse middle punch
24. Step forward with the left foot into a back stance, reverse middle punch
25. Shift into a left front stance, x-block (fists) low
26. Step forward with right leg to form a right back stance towards the front of the room, face the back of the room and do a right backward elbow strike middle towards the back of the room with right hand in knife-hand, simultaneously do left backward (towards left of body) elbow strike with left hand in fist, palm up and kiyap (elbow strikes are 90 degrees to each other)
27. Turn head 270 degrees left and turn body into a closed stance moving the right foot (90 degrees right from front of room), simultaneous left inside-outside block and right downward punch, then simultaneous right inside-outside block and left downward punch
28. Step forward with left leg into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
29. Turn right 180 degrees, sliding left foot to right, then right foot out,  into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle and kiyap
