Ji Tae

6th Dan WTF

This form is derived from the meaning of the earth. All things evolve from and return form the earth, the earth is the beginning and the end of life, as reflected through the Yin and Yang.

28

1. Step to the left into a right back stance, execute a middle inside-outside block with left arm.
2. Step forward with right leg into a right front stance and execute a slow motion high rising block with the right arm. Remain in stance and execute a slow motion middle left reverse punch.
3. Turn 180 degrees to the right into a left back stance, execute a middle inside-outside block with right arm.
4. Step forward with the left leg into a left front stance and execute a slow motion high rising block with the left arm. Remain in stance and execute a slow motion middle right reverse punch.
5. Step 90 degrees right into a left front stance and execute a left low block.
6. Pivot on right foot and slide left foot back into a right back stance and execute a high knife hand rising block with the left arm.
7. Execute a right middle front snap kick. Step down with right foot into a left back stance, execute low knife hand block.
8. Remain in stance and execute a right slow middle inside-outside outer forearm block.
9. Execute a left middle front snap kick. Step down with the left foot into a right back stance, execute low knife hand block.
10. Slide left foot into a left front stance and execute a left arm slow motion raising block.
11. Move the right foot into a right front stance and execute a simultaneous left hand high raising block and right middle punch.
12. Remain in stance, execute outside-inside middle block with left hand followed immediately by outside-inside middle block with right hand.
13. Move the right foot back into a right back stance and execute a low knife hand block with left hand.
14. Execute a high right front snap kick and return back to original stance, slide the left foot into a left front stance and execute a right middle punch followed by left middle punch.
15. Pivoting on the ball of the right foot turn to the left 90 degrees and move left foot into a horse stance. Bring both fists form the waist and execute bull block (twin high raising blocks).
16. Remain in stance and execute a left arm low block.
17. Still in horse stance, execute a right middle section knife hand block. Left fist at side.
18. Still in horse stance, execute a left hammer fist strike into right palm middle section. Kiyap
19. With the left foot fixed, lift up right foot into a left crane stance and execute a right low block.
20. Still in the left crane stance, move both fists to the left hip and execute a small hinge block (fists over left hip).
21. Still in crane stance, execute a right high section side kick. Land right foot next to left foot into a right crane stance. Execute a left low block.
22. Remain in stance, move both fists to right hip and execute a small hinge block.
23. Still in crane stance, execute a left middle section side kick. Land in a left front stance and execute a right middle section reverse punch.
24. Step forward with right foot in a right front stance and execute a right middle section punch. Kiyap
25. Pivoting on the ball of the right foot, turn to the left 270 degrees and move the left foot into a right back stance. Execute a low section block with left hand.
26. Step forward with the right foot into a left back stance and execute a middle section knife hand block with the right hand.
27. Pivoting on the ball of the left foot, turn to the right 180 degrees and move right foot into a left back stance. Execute low section knife hand block with the right hand.
28. Step forward with the left foot into a right back stance and execute middle section knife hand block with the left hand.
