Juche

2nd Dan ITF

A philosophical idea that man is the master of everything and decides everything. In other words, the idea that man is the master of the world and his own destiny. It is said that this idea was rooted in Baekdu Mountain which symbolizes the spirit of the Korean people. The diagram represents Baekdu Mountain.

45

1. Move left foot to side into a horse stance, while executing high parallel block with inner forearm (palms forward). Kiyap
2. Execute a middle hooking block with right palm while standing.
3. Execute a left middle punch while forming a horse stance.
4. Pull the right foot to left knee forming a left one leg stance while executing a parallel block with outer forearm.
5. Execute a right slow motion middle side kick, continue to pivot on left leg and execute a high reverse hooking kick to opposite direction in slow motion.
6. Lower the right foot into a jumping motion to form a right x-stance while executing a right downward back fist strike.
7. Execute a middle twisting front snap kick, and then a high side kick with left foot. Both hands in front of chest.
8. Lower the left foot in a stomping motion to form a horse stance while executing a high left hand knife strike.
9. Execute a right high elbow strike-pressing the right fist into the left palm while forming a left front walking stance.
10. Cross the left foot over the right foot to form a right x-stance while executing a low front knife hand block with the left arm, bringing the right finger belly on the left back forearm.
11. Turn to the right and move the right foot into a left back stance while executing a knife hand middle guarding block.
12. Execute a jump reverse mid-air strike with left knife hand spinning counter clockwise and then land in a right back stance with left knife arm extended with right fist at waist.
13. Move the right foot forward to form a horse stance while executing a high parallel block with inner forearm. (palms forward)
14. Execute a middle hooking block with left palm while standing.
15. Execute a right middle punch while forming a horse stance.
16. Pull the left foot to right knee forming a right one leg stance while executing a parallel block with outer forearm.
17. Execute a left slow motion middle side kick, continue to pivot on right leg and execute a high reverse hooking kick to opposite direction in slow motion.
18. Lower the left foot into a jumping motion to form a left x-stance while executing a left downward back fist strike.
19. Execute a middle twisting front snap kick, and then a high side kick with right foot. Both hands in front of chest.
20. Lower the left foot in a stomping motion to form a horse stance while executing a high right hand knife hand strike.
21. Execute a left high elbow strike-pressing the left fist into the right palm while forming a right front walking stance.
22. Cross the right over the left foot to form a right x-stance while executing a low front knife hand block with the right arm, bringing the left finger belly on the right back forearm.
23. Turn to the left and move the left foot into a right back stance while executing a knife hand middle guarding block.
24. Execute a jump reverse mid-air strike with right knife hand spinning counter clockwise and then land in a left back stance with right knife arm extended with left fist at waist.
25. Execute a left axe kick and then lower it to form a right rear cat stance while executing a middle guarding block fighting stance.
26. Bring the right foot to the left foot and perform slow motion heaven hands.
27. Step back with left foot forming a left back stance while executing a downward elbow strike.
28. Execute a high crescent strike with left arc-hand while forming a right front stance sliding the right foot.
29. Step back with right foot forming a right back stance while executing a downward elbow strike.
30. Execute a high crescent strike with right arc-hand while forming a left front stance sliding the left foot.
31. Step back with the left foot forming a right front stance while executing a high twin inward knife hand strikes.
32. Step back with the right foot forming a left front stance while executing a downward right fist punch. Kiyap
33. Step back with left foot and then step back right foot into a right back stance while executing a downward block with the left outer forearm.
34. Execute a jump right spinning wheel kick and then land to form a left back stance, at the same time executing a middle guarding block in a fighting stance.
35. Step back with right foot and then step back left foot into a left back stance while executing a downward block with the right outer forearm.
36. Execute a jump left spinning wheel kick and then land to form a right back stance, at the same time executing a middle guarding block in a fighting stance.
37. Step forward with right foot and then forward with the left foot to execute a flying split kick (twisting kick with the left and side kick with the right foot).
38. Land to form a left diagonal horse stance while executing a rising twin palm block (palms together to block an axe kick).
39. Step forward with right foot forming a right back stance while executing a side right elbow strike, left fist to side of waist.
40. Pick up left foot and execute a slow motion left middle reverse side kick.
41. Lower the left foot in a stomping motion forming a right back stance while executing a horizontal strike with the left back fist.
42. Step forward with right foot while forming a parallel stance (shoulder width apart) and Execute a high right flat finger-tip strike.
43. Jumping up execute a right high punch and right upset punch simultaneously and then land in a close stance with feet together. Keep right upset punch extended.
44. Step forward with right foot into a right front stance while executing a left downward knife hand strike (strike top of shoulder).
45. Step forward with left foot into a left front stance while executing a right reverse middle punch. Kiyap
