Ko Dang

2nd Dan ITF

The name used by Man Sik Choo, a great politician and revolutionary.

39

1. Step back 45 degrees with right foot into a horse stance and execute a left midsection palm block. Kiyap
2. Remain in stance and right mid-section punch.
3. Slide the right foot back into a right back stance, fighting stance guarding block.
4. Remain in stance and simultaneously execute a right low block and inside-outside block in a circular motion.
5. Step 45 degrees with the left foot into a horse stance and execute right midsection palm block.
6. Remain in stance and left mid-section punch.
7. Slide the left leg back into a left back stance, fighting guarding block.
8. Remain in stance and simultaneously execute a left low block and inside-outside block in a circular motion.
9. Cross both arms in front of chest and execute downward wedging block, look over right shoulder, shift weight on left leg and lift right knee up.
10. Right middle section side kick to the back
11. Step down with the right leg into a right back stance and execute a left middle section knife hand block with right fist to right hip.
12. Cross both arms in front of chest and execute a downward wedging block, look over left shoulder, shift weight on right leg and lift left knee up.
13. Left middle section side kick to the back.
14. Step down with left leg into a left back stance and execute a right middle section knife hand block with left fist to left hip.
15. Stepping back with right leg into a right back stance, execute a left downward elbow strike.
16. Stepping back with left leg into a left back stance, execute a right downward elbow strike.
17. Step forward with left leg into a left front stance, execute slow palm pressing block with left palm up and right palm down.
18. Step forward with right leg into a right front stance, execute slow palm pressing block with right palm up and left palm down.
19. Step back with right leg into a right back stance while executing a left low block
20. Step forward with right leg into a left back stance while executing a right low block.
21. Step forward with left leg into a right cat stance and execute left upward slow palm pressing block.
22. Step forward with right leg into a left cat stance and execute right upward slow palm pressing block.
23. Step back with the right foot into a right back stance and execute a left middle section front snap kick.
24. Drop the left leg down in stomping motion in a left front stance, execute twin knife hand strikes to the neck.
25. Remain in stance and execute a left knife high block.
26. Slide the left leg to the side into a right back stance and execute a left knife hand low block.
27. Slide the left leg to the side into a left front stance and execute a right downward reverse punch. Kiyap
28. Shuffle legs back two steps into a right back stance and execute knife hand middle guarding block.
29. Using both legs jump straight up drawing the knees up. Upon landing, resume a right back stance, execute a middle knife hand block.
30. Jumping forward with right leg into an x-stance and execute a high right back fist with left fist to the side.
31. Turn head to the left, step left leg into a left front stance while executing a left middle section outer forearm block.
32. Step left leg to right leg and step right leg into a right front stance while executing a right middle section outer forearm block.
33. Step forward with left leg into a right back stance, execute a right upper cut punch with left fist in front shoulder guarding the face.
34. Execute a right high section twisting front snap kick
35. Step down with right leg into a left back stance, facing 90 degrees to the right, execute right knife hand striking the neck with left fist at side.
36. Bring the right foot to left foot and execute a left high section twisting front snap kick.
37. Step down with left leg into a right back stance, execute left knife hand striking to the neck with right fist to side.
38. Bring the left to right foot and step out with right foot into a left back stance, execute knife hand guarding block middle.
39. Bring the right foot to left foot and step out with left leg into a right back stance, execute knife hand guarding block. Kiyap.
