Koryo

Temp Black WTF 

Named after a Korean dynasty that lasted 457 years, from 935 AD through 1392 AD (between the Silla and Yi dynasties).  The name Korea is derived from the word Koryo.  During the Koryo Dynasty Korea was constantly having to defend it’s borders.  The northern border was first invaded by nomadic tribes, then by the barbaric Mongols.  The people of Koryo defended their country from the Mongolian imperialists who had subjugated much of Asia.  The final threat to the Korean borders, during the Koryo Dynasty was frequent organized pirate raids by the Japanese.  Despite the turbulence, culture was a high priority during the Koryo Dynasty.  One of the most valued national treasures, the Tirpitika, is the carving of  the complete Buddhist canon onto 81,258 wooden blocks; which was carved as a pious gesture to secure divine favor against the Mongols.  Buddhist art was at its height but the greatest development in art was the unique greenish pottery glaze called celodon, which is still in use today.  Confucianism gave to the Korean culture not only Confucian schools, but also a system of civil service exams for government jobs.  Confucian and Buddhist Scriptures were in such demand, that by 1234 books were being printed on movable metal presses; about 200 years before Guttenburg.  Because the Koryo Dynasty was constantly at war but able to thrive culturally, the form, Koryo represents the cultivation of a strong conviction and an unrelenting spirit.

30

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance, knife hand middle guarding block
2. Right (back leg) double side kick, landing in a right front stance
3. Right flat fingertip strike high followed by a reverse high punch
4. Shift into a left back stance, right outside-inside block
5. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, right knife hand middle guarding block
6. Left (back leg) double side kick, landing in a left front stance
7. Left flat fingertip strike high, reverse high punch
8. Shift into a right back stance, left outside-inside block
9. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, left low knife hand block, right reverse arc hand strike high
10. Right front snap kick high to arc hand that is left out, right low knife hand block, left reverse arc hand strike high
11. Left front snap kick high to arc hand that is left out, left low knife hand block, right reverse arc hand strike high
12. Right front snap kick high to arc hand that is left out, twin palm pressing block (right hand palm up near stomach pointing to left and left hand is palm down about 6-8 inches from right hand and pointing to right) and kiyap
13. Step forward with left leg while pivoting on the right foot (turning 180 degrees) and land in a right front stance (facing the back of the room), inside-outside circle block with each arm simultaneously
14. Left front snap kick high and place left foot down into a left front stance, slow motion double pressing block (pressing up with left hand (palm up and fingers pointing forward) and pressing down with right hand (palm down and fingers pointing forward) - left hand comes up to mid chest and right hand comes down to belt level)
15. Inside-outside circle block with each arm simultaneously
16. Turn right 90 degrees by stepping back with the right leg into a right back stance (toward left in relation to front of room), left knife hand block (right hand is in fist, palm up, in chamber position)
17. Step forward into an x-stance by stepping across with the right leg in front of the left, striking left palm with right fist
18. Left side kick middle, put left foot down and shift 180 degrees into a left back stance, left fingertip strike to groin area while bringing right fist to left shoulder
19. Pull right foot back to left into a L stance (heels touching and feet at 90 degrees) while slowly bringing right arm down into a low block and slowly bringing left fist up to chamber at waist.
20. Step forward with the left foot into a left walking stance (left foot slightly in front of right, narrow stance), left downward pressing block (to horizontal position) and right fist to chamber at waist.  Step forward with the right foot into a riding horse stance, right high backward elbow strike (with right fist in left palm)
21. Shift into a left back stance, right knife hand block middle
22. Step forward into an x-stance by stepping across with the left leg in front of the right, striking right palm with left fist
23. Right side kick middle, put right foot down and shift 180 degrees into a right back stance, right fingertip strike to groin area while bringing left fist to right shoulder
24. Pull left foot back to right into an L stance (heels together feet at 90 degrees) while slowly bring the left arm down into a low block and slowly bringing the right fist to chamber at waist
25. Step forward with right foot into a right walking stance, right downward pressing block (to horizontal position).  Step forward with the left foot into a riding horse stance, left backward high elbow strike (with left fist in right palm)
26. Bring both arms up over head and left leg out to the side (fully extended slowly in a side kick motion), slowly bring arms together (still extended) and strike right palm with left hammer fist while simultaneously bringing left foot to right into a closed stance (feet parallel)
27. Turn right 180 degrees by pivoting on the right foot and stepping towards the back of the room with the left leg into a left front stance, left inward knife hand strike (to neck or temple) followed immediately by low block with knife hand
28. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, right inward knife hand strike followed immediately by low block with knife hand
29. Step forward with the left leg into a left front stance, left inward knife hand strike followed immediately by low block with knife hand
30. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, right arc hand strike and kiyap
