Kuemgang 

2nd Dan WTF

Has the significance of “hardness” and “ponder”, The Keumgang Mountain on the Korean peninsula, which is regarded as the center of national spirit, and the “Keumgang Yeoksa”[Keumgang warrior] as named by Buddha, who represents the mightiest warrior, are the background of denominating this poomsae

27

1. Stepping to front of room left front stance upward wedging block
2. Step forward right front stance high section palm fist block
3. Step forward left foot high palm fist block.
4. Step forward right foot high palm fist block. (first four movements forward to front of room)
5. Stepping back with right foot in a right back stance, facing front of room, knife hand block (middle section)
6. Stepping back with left foot in a left back stance, knife hand block middle section.
7. Stepping back with right foot in a right back stance, knife hand block middle section.
8. Draw left foot back slow motion lifting left knee high, slow motion simultaneous high right hand high rising block, left hand low block. Note:  finish last 8” quickly. (This is called a Diamond block)
9. Set left foot down in a horse stance, left elbow to back, right hooking punch to side (this is same movement  as in Po-eun)
10. Pick up right foot turn (counter-clockwise) 180 degrees, pick up left foot turn (counter-clockwise) 180 degrees… facing front  of room in a horse stance, simultaneous left elbow right hooking punch. (Note: repeating spin will just be known as 360 degree turn going counter-clockwise or clockwise)
11. (First time movements will not be facing the front)  Pick up right foot land in a horse stance, mountain block, kiyap. (Facing left wall.)
12. Step forward with left foot in a horse stance facing right wall, upward wedging block.
13. Slide right foot toward left in standing position (feet about 8 inches apart) while slow motion downward wedging block to sternum, finish off with a quick downward (fists down)
14. Pick up left foot turning (counter-clockwise) to left wall mountain block
15. Pick up right foot slow motion facing front of room getting right heel to left knee high while slow motion left rising block right hand low block to side finishing off with a quick movement last 8 inches.  (This is a diamond block.)
16. Place right foot down in a horse stance facing front of room, right backward elbow left hooking punch  (palms vertically aligned) looking forward.
17. Pick up left foot 360 degree clockwise turn landing in a horse stance facing front of room backward right elbow left hooking punch. Fists are vertically aligned.
18. Diamond block left (supporting left leg is on ground, right knee up) All diamond blocks are slow with a quick finish. Low block is over knee and left hand is high block.  (This is done when someone is trying to sweep your knee).
19. Set right foot back down, left backward elbow, right hooking punch in horse stance looking to front of room.
20. Left foot 360 degree turn clockwise facing front of room, repeat the left backward elbow, right hooking punch looking forward.
21. Pick up left foot land in a horse stance facing right wall mountain block, kiyap.
22. Step forward with right foot in a horse stance facing left wall upward wedging block.
23. Bring right foot in about 8” standing position, slow downward wedging, with quick finish after sternum.
24. Stepping (counter clockwise) with right foot facing right wall, mountain block.
25. Pick up right foot lifting knee and turning in clockwise direction, turn 90 degrees to front of room right (standing left foot) diamond block.
26. Land in horse stance left backward elbow, right hooking punch looking to front of room.
27. Pick up right foot 360 degree turn facing front of room. Backward left elbow, right hooking punch. (No kiyap)
