Kwang-gae

1st Dan ITF

Named after the famous Kwang-Gae Toh-Wang, the 19th king of the Koguryo Dynasty, who regained all the lost territories including the greater part of Manchuria.  The diagram represents the expansion and recovery of the lost territories.

39

1. Bring both arms up and out while bringing left leg out in a slow sidekick motion and slowly bring legs together while doing circular motion with both arms and hands coming up into a closed ready stance B.
2. Step forward with left leg into a left front stance, slow motion reverse palm upward punch (straight punch, not uppercut)
3. Step forward with right leg into a right front stance, slow motion reverse palm upward punch (straight punch, not uppercut)
4. Shuffle (skip) forward into a left back stance, slow motion downward pressing block
5. Step backwards quickly with right leg into a right back stance, knife hand guarding block low
6. Shuffle (skip) forward into a right back stance, slow motion downward pressing block
7. Step backwards quickly with left leg into a left back stance, knife hand guarding block low
8. Step forward with the left leg into a right cat stance, knife hand guarding block middle
9. Step forward with the right leg into a left cat stance, knife hand guarding block middle
10. Shuffle left foot under raised right heel and turn left 180 degrees stepping with right foot into a left front stance, slow reverse upward pressing block
11. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, slow reverse upward pressing block
12. Bring arms up and out in circular motion while doing a left slow motion sidekick then bringing left foot to right foot and right knife hand into left palm in front of body
13. Turn head left, left (front leg) low side kick immediately followed by a
14. Left middle side kick. Land in a right back stance
15. Right outside-inside knife hand strike (to neck) while bringing left fist back to right ear
16. Slow motion left downward hammer fist strike (last 12 inches of the hammer fist is fast) while bringing left foot to right  into a left L Stance (feet 90 degrees heels touching)
17. Turn head right, right (front leg) low side kick immediately followed by a
18. Right middle side kick.  Land in a left back stance.
19. Left outside-inside knife hand strike (to neck) while bringing right fist back to left ear
20. Slow motion right downward hammer fist strike (last 12 inches of hammer fist is fast) while bringing right foot to left into a right L Stance (feet 90 degrees heels touching)
21. Step forward with the left leg into a left front stance, double pressing block with left hand pressing up and right pressing down and fingers pointing forward)
22. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, double pressing block with right hand pressing up and left pressing down and fingers pointing forward)
23. Turn right 180 degrees into a horse stance (with a stomping motion) (toward the front of the room), right back fist strike
24. Shuffle backwards into a right front stance, double forearm block
25. Shuffle backwards, still in a right front stance, reverse low block with knife hand
26. Slow motion right high fingertip strike
27. Turn left 180 degrees into a horse stance (with a stomping motion)  (toward the back of the room), left back fist strike
28. Shuffle backwards into a left front stance, double forearm block
29. Shuffle backwards, still in a left front stance, reverse low block with knife hand
30. Slow motion left high fingertip strike
31. Step forward with the right leg into a right front stance, twin fists high
32. Turn left 90 degrees pivoting on right foot into a left front stance, double upset punch
33. Right (back leg) front snap kick middle
34. Place foot down and pivot towards the right on right foot to turn 180 degrees into a left back stance by stepping past with the left leg, right knife hand guarding block middle
35. Step forward with the left foot into a left front stance, middle punch
36. Step forward with the right foot into right front stance, double upset punch
37. Left front snap kick middle
38. Pivot 180 degreess on the right foot while bringing left foot down into a left back stance, right knife hand guarding block middle
39. Step forward with the left leg into a left front stance, left middle punch and kiyap

