Moon-Moo

ITF 4th Dan

Honors the 30th king of the Silla Dynasty. His body was buried near Dae Wang Am (Great King's Rock). According to his will, the body was placed in the sea "Where my soul shall forever defend my land against the Japanese." It is said that the Sok Gul Am (Stone Cave) was built to guard his tomb. The Sok Gul Am is a fine example of the culture of the Silla Dynasty. The 61 movements in this pattern symbolize the last two figures of 661 A.D. when Moon-Moo came to the throne.

61

1. Turn head to the left while forming a right bending fighting stance with left leg to right knee, perform in slow motion.
2. Execute a high side kick with left leg with left fist out, perform in slow motion.
3. Execute a high side kick  with the left leg with left fist out in fast motion.
4. Lower the left leg into a horse stance while executing a right flat finger- tip strike.
5. Execute a high reverse hooking kick with the right leg, perform in slow motion. Turn 180 to kick.
6. Lower the right leg in a jumping motion to form a right x-stance, while executing a middle side strike with the right knife hand.
7. Move the left foot into a left front stance, facing opposite direction, execute pressing blocks.
8. Move the right foot forward into a right front stance while executing pressing blocks.
9. Turn and face the front, execute a high side block with the left knife hand and low right knife and block while forming a right one leg stance and placing left foot to the right knee.
10. Lower the left foot next to the right foot. Turn head to the right while forming a left bending fighting stance with right leg to left knee, perform in slow motion.
11. Execute a high side kick with right leg with right fist out, perform in slow motion.
12. Execute a high side kick with the right leg with right fist out in fast motion.
13. Lower the left leg into a horse stance while executing a left flat finger- tip strike.
14. Execute a high reverse hooking kick with the left leg, perform in slow motion. Turn 180 to kick.
15. Lower the left leg in a jumping motion to form a left x-stance while executing a middle side strike with the left knife hand.
16. Move the right foot into a right front stance, facing opposite direction, execute pressing blocks.
17. Move the left foot forward into a left front stance while executing pressing blocks.
18. Turn and face the front, execute a high side block with the right knife hand and low left knife hand block while forming a left one leg stance and placing right foot to left knee.
19. Turn head to the right to face back of room while forming a left bending stance with right foot to left knee, twin low blocks.
20. Execute a high right side kick, perform in slow motion.
21. Lower the right leg down to form a left front stance while executing a right middle punch.  (facing towards the front).
22. Turn head to the left to face back of room while forming a right bending stance with left foot to right knee, twin low blocks.
23. Execute a high left side kick, perform in slow motion.
24. Lower the left leg down to form a right front stance while executing a left middle punch. (facing towards the front).
25. Slide the right foot back into a right back cat stance (slide left foot into position), while executing a downward block with the left palm.
26. Execute a left middle front snap kick, keeping the position of the hands from previous movement.
27. Lower the left leg and move the right foot in a stomping motion into a horse stance (body is facing to the right), while executing a middle side strike with right side fist.
28. Maintaining horse stance execute a scoping block with the left palm.
29. Execute right middle punch maintaining horse stance.
30. Execute a low left knife hand block maintaining horse stance.
31. Move the left foot just beyond the right foot while executing a right step side kick.
32. Lower the right foot and then execute a high left spinning wheel kick.
33. Lower the left foot into a left front stance while executing a high left knife hand block.
34. Slide the left foot back into a left back cat stance (slide right foot into position), while executing a downward block with the right palm.
35. Execute a right middle front snap kick, keeping the positions of the hands from previous movement.
36. Lower the right leg and move the left foot in a stomping  motion into a horse stance (body is facing to the left), while executing a middle side strike with left side fist.
37. Maintaining horse stance execute a scooping block with the right palm.
38. Execute a left middle punch maintaining horse stance.
39. Execute a low right knife hand block maintaining horse stance.
40. Move the right foot just beyond the left foot while executing a left step side kick.
41. Lower the left foot and then execute a high right spinning wheel kick.
42. Lower the right foot into a right front stance while executing  a high right knife hand block.
43. Move the left foot forward while executing a high right twisting kick.
44. Lower the right leg back into a left front stance while executing a high vertical right back fist strike and extending the left fist middle section.
45. Execute a downward right back fist with left arm supporting underneath the right arm.
46. Move the right foot forward while executing a high left twisting kick.
47. Lower the left leg back into a right front stance while executing a high vertical left back fist strike and extending the right fist middle section.
48. Execute a downward left back fist with right arm supporting underneath the left arm.
49. Execute a left sweeping kick with the left side sole of foot keeping the position of the hands from previous movement. Lower left leg into a right back stance while executing a fighting stance.
50. Execute low section left leg checking block, execute a left middle side kick with hands up guarding block, (perform kicks consecutively).
51. Lower the left leg into a right back stance while executing a left middle knife hand strike.
52. Execute a right sweeping kick with the right side sole of foot keeping the positions of the hands from previous movement. Lower right leg into a left back stance while executing a fighting stance.
53. Execute a low section right leg checking block, execute a right middle side kick with hands up guarding block, (perform kicks consecutively).
54. Lower right leg into a left back stance while executing a right middle knife hand strike.
55. Step back with the right just beyond the left foot, turn counter clockwise by pivoting with the right foot and move left foot into a left front stance while executing a right middle punch.
56. Jump forward into a right x-stance while executing a low left punch and bringing the right fist on left shoulder.
57. Jump forward in opposite direction into a left x-stance while executing a low right punch and bringing the left fist on right shoulder.
58. Execute a high right jump reverse spinning 180 degrees wheel kick.
59. Land into a left back fighting stance with knife hands.
60. Step back with the right foot and then step back with the left foot into a right front stance, execute a rising block with the left arc-hand.
61. Execute a high right punch while maintaining the right front stance. Kiyap
