Pal-Gwe 8

Temp Black

Descriptive of a world made up of elements both conflicting and harmonious, i.e. sky and earth, light and dark, man and woman, and good and evil. These elements meet and depart from one another according to the laws of nature, always growing and developing.

28

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, left low block
2. Shift into a left L stance (feet 90 degrees heels touching), downward left hammer fist strike
3. Step forward with the right leg into a front stance, middle punch
4. Turn right 180 degrees into a right front stance, low block
5. Shift into a right L stance (feet 90 degrees heels touching), downward right hammer fist strike
6. Step forward with the left leg into a left front stance, middle punch
7. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance, knife hand guarding block middle
8. Step forward with the right leg into a front stance, kwansu
9. Pivot 360 degrees on the right foot into a right back stance, left back fist strike (to the temple)
10. Step forward with the right leg into a front stance, middle punch and kiyap
11. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance, left knife hand strike
12. Shift into a riding horse stance, left backward elbow strike
13. Shift into a left front stance, left inside-outside circle block, reverse middle punch
14. Bring left foot in line with right and turn 180 degrees into a left back stance, right knife hand strike
15. Shift into a riding horse stance, right backward elbow strike
16. Shift into a right front stance, right inside-outside circle block, reverse middle punch
17. Pick up left leg and perform left side kick middle to back of room (90 degrees left)
18. Put kicking foot down in a left front stance, reverse right elbow strike into left hand (also called a head squash)
19. Pick up right leg and perform right side kick to front of room (180 degrees right)
20. Put kicking foot down in a right front stance, reverse left elbow strike into right hand (also called a head squash)
21. Turn left 180 degrees into a left front stance, twin fists high, double upset punch
22. Step forward with the right leg into a front stance, twin fists high, double upset punch
23. Step forward with the left leg into a right back stance, left knife hand block middle (right hand is a fist, chambered at the waist)
24. Pivot right (towards back) on left foot 180 degrees into a right back stance, backward elbow strike with left arm close to side with a fist and right elbow strike with knife hand (strikes are 90 degrees to each other with left going to back and right straight out from right side)
25. Turn left 90 degrees bringing right foot to left into closed stance (facing front of room) and bring hands together (as in closed ready stance C)
26. Step out with left foot into a riding horse stance, double backward elbow strikes (hands in knife hands)
27. Shuffle to right in horse stance, twist body towards right and perform left front elbow strike
28. Shuffle to left in horse stance, twist body towards left and perform right front elbow strike and kiyap
