Pal-Gwe 7

Brown Belt (2nd Gup Perm)

Descriptive of a world made up of elements both conflicting and harmonious, i.e. sky and earth, light and dark, man and woman, and good and evil. These elements meet and depart from one another according to the laws of nature, always growing and developing.

23

1. Step forward with left leg into a left front stance, outer wedging block
2. Right front snap kick high with back leg landing in a right front stance followed by an inner wedging block
3. Left front snap kick high with back leg landing in a left front stance, x-block high with closed fists
4. Right side kick middle with back leg landing in a left back stance with a knife-hand guarding block middle
5. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance, inside-outside block
6. Shift into a left front stance, reverse middle punch
7. High block (no step)
8. Right side kick middle landing in a left back stance with knife-hand guarding block low
9. Shift into a right front stance, reverse middle punch
10. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, inside-outside block
11. Shift into a right front stance, reverse middle punch
12. High block (no step)
13. Left side kick middle landing in a right back stance with knife-hand guarding block low
14. Shift into a left front stance, reverse middle punch
15. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance by pivoting on right foot, x-block low with fists
16. x-block high with knife-hands, left hand under (behind) right
17. Scrape left hand down top of right wrist and hand, reverse high punch and kiyap
18. Spin right 360 degrees on left foot into a left back stance, right outer forearm block low
19. Step forward into a left front stance, left outward knife-hand strike
20. Turn palm towards right as if placing hand behind opponent’s head, right crescent kick into hand, landing in a horse stance with right leg in front facing 90 degrees to the left and a right high elbow strike into hand (head smash)
21. Turn head left (towards front of room), hop backwards (covering linear, not vertical distance) into a right back stance, simultaneous left low block and right back fist strike to bridge of nose behind you
22. Shuffle backwards again into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
23. Shift into a left front stance, reverse middle punch and kiyap
