Pal-Gwe 6

Brown Belt (3rd Gup Perm)

Descriptive of a world made up of elements both conflicting and harmonious, i.e. sky and earth, light and dark, man and woman, and good and evil. These elements meet and depart from one another according to the laws of nature, always growing and developing.

19

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance while executing a knife-hand guarding block middle
2. Front snap kick high with the right leg landing in a right front stance with a high section punch
3. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance with a knife-hand guarding block middle
4. Front snap kick high with the left leg landing in a left front stance with a high section punch
5. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance with a low block, rechamber
6. Reverse high knife-hand strike high knife-hand block
7. Front snap kick middle with right leg. Without putting it down jump forward landing in an x stance with left foot crossed behind right foot and perform a right back fist strike high to the bridge of the nose, striking downward. kiyap
8. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block low
9. Shift into a left front stance, twin fists high
10. Front snap kick high with right leg, landing in a right front stance with a right high punch followed by a left high punch
11. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block low
12. Shift into a right front stance, twin fists high
13. Front snap kick high with left leg, landing in a left front stance with a left high punch followed by a right high punch
14. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
15. Shift into a left front stance, reverse high knife-hand block palm strike
16. Front snap kick high with right leg landing in a right front stance with a right downward back fist strike to bridge of nose and a kiyap
17. Front snap kick high with left leg landing in a left front stance with a left high block
18. Middle side kick with right leg landing in a left back stance with a knife-hand guarding block middle (toward back of room)
19. Shift weight and change to right back stance toward front of room (180 degree change in direction, shift stance), knife-hand guarding block middle
