Pal-gwe 4

High Green

Descriptive of a world made up of elements both conflicting and harmonious, i.e. sky and earth, light and dark, man and woman, and good and evil. These elements meet and depart from one another according to the laws of nature, always growing and developing.

24

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance, twin forearm guarding block
2. Reverse uppercut punch high (to the attacker’s chin) while bringing left fist back to protect face (palm toward face)
3. Shift into a horse stance, left knife hand strike to neck
4. Bring left foot to right, turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, twin forearm guarding block
5. Reverse uppercut punch high (to the attacker’s chin) while bringing right fist back to protect face (palm toward face)
6. Shift into a horse stance, right knife hand strike to neck
7. Bring right foot to left foot, turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
8. Right front snap kick (back leg) middle, landing in a front stance with a kwansu
9. Spin left 360 degrees while pivoting on right foot, bringing right fist to small of back, land in a left front stance and perform a left outer forearm block
10. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, middle punch and kiyap
11. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance, twin forearm guarding block
12. Reverse uppercut punch high while bringing left fist back to protect face (palm toward face)
13. Shift into a horse stance, left knife hand strike to neck
14. Bring left foot to right foot, turn right 180 degrees into a back stance, twin forearm guarding block
15. Reverse uppercut punch high while bringing right fist back to protect face (palm toward face)
16. Shift into a horse stance, right knife hand strike to neck
17. Bring right leg to left, turn left 90 into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
18. Right front snap kick (back leg) middle, landing in a front stance with a kwansu
19. Turn left 90 degrees into horse stance by pivoting on left foot and bringing right foot in line with left foot, right upward elbow strike with left knife hand under right elbow.  Spin left 270 degrees on right foot into a left front stance, outer forearm block
20. Step forward with right foot into a right front stance, middle punch and kiyap
21. Turn left 270 degrees into a horse stance while pivoting on right foot (head should be turned to the left, body will be facing the direction in which pal-gwe 4 began), left low block
22. Shift into a left front stance by pivoting on right foot, reverse middle punch
23. Bring left foot back into line with right foot to form a horse stance and turn head 180 degrees (head should be turned to the right), right low block
24. Shift into a right front stance by pivoting on left foot, reverse middle punch
