Pal-gwe 1

White

Descriptive of a world made up of elements which are both conflicting and harmonious, such as sky and earth, light and dark, man and woman, and good and evil.  These elements meet and depart from one another according to the rules of nature, always growing and developing.

20

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, with a low block
2. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance with an outside-inside block
3. Turn right 180 degrees into a right front stance, with a right low block
4. Step forward with the left foot into a front stance with an outside-inside block
5. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, with a low block
6. Step forward with the right foot into a back stance, with an outside-inside block
7. Step forward with the left foot into a back stance, with an outside-inside block
8. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance, with middle punch and kiyap
9. Turn left 270 degrees, pivoting on the right foot, into a right back stance, performing a knife-hand middle guarding block
10. Step forward with the right foot into a back stance, performing an outside-inside block
11. Turn right 180 degrees, pivoting on the left foot, into a left back stance, with a knife hand middle guarding block
12. Step forward with the left foot into a back stance, with an outside-inside block
13. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, with a low block
14. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance, with an inward bear claw hand strike
15. Step forward with the left foot into a front stance, with an inward bear claw strike
16. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance, performing a middle punch and kiyap
17. Turn left 270 degrees into a left front stance, with a low block
18. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance, with an outside-inside block
19. Turn right 180 degrees into a right front stance with a low block
20. Step forward with the left foot into a front stance, performing an outside-inside block
