Pal-Gwe 3

High Orange

Descriptive of a world made up of elements both conflicting and harmonious, i.e. sky and earth, light and dark, man and woman, and good and evil. These elements meet and depart from one another according to the laws of nature, always growing and developing.

22

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance with a low block
2. Step forward with the right foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
3. Turn right 180 degrees into a right front stance with a low block
4. Step forward with the left foot into a front stance with a middle section punch
5. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance with a low block
6. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, high block
7. Step forward with left foot into a front stance, high block
8. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, high punch and kiyap
9. Turn 270 degrees to the left (counter clockwise) into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
10. Step forward with right foot into a back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
11. Turn 180 degrees to the right into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
12. Step forward with left foot into a back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
13. Turn 90 degrees to the left into a right back stance, inside-outside block
14. Shift weight 180 degrees to the right into a left back stance, inside-outside block
15. Step backward with right foot into a right back stance, outside-inside block
16. Step backward with left foot into a left back stance, outside-inside block
17. Step backward with right foot into a right back stance, outside-inside block
18. By shifting weight, turn right 180 degrees into a back stance, right inside-outside block
19. Turn left 270 degrees to the left (counter clockwise) while pivoting on the right foot into a left front stance, high block
20. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, high punch
21. Turn right 180 degrees to the right into a front stance, high block
22. Step forward with left foot into a front stance, high punch and kiyap
