Pal-Gwe 5

High Blue

Descriptive of a world made up of elements both conflicting and harmonious, i.e. sky and earth, light and dark, man and woman, and good and evil. These elements meet and depart from one another according to the laws of nature, always growing and developing.

35

1. Step back with left leg into a right front stance while executing simultaneous right low block and left circle block
2. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance while pivoting on right foot, knife-hand guarding block low
3. Step forward with right foot into back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
4. Step back with right foot into a right back stance, slow motion downward palm pressing block with left hand
5. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, middle punch.
6. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block low
7. Step forward with left foot into a back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
8. Step back with left foot into a left back stance, slow motion downward palm pressing block with right hand
9. Step forward with left foot into a front stance, left middle punch
10. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, simultaneous left low block and right circle block
11. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, double forearm block
12. Step forward with left foot into a front stance, double forearm block
13. Step forward with right foot into a right front stance, kwansu and kiyap
14. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance while pivoting on right foot, inside-outside block
15. Shift into a left front stance, reverse middle punch followed by another middle punch
16. Side kick middle with left leg, landing in a left front stance
17. Reverse elbow strike into left hand (head smash)
18. Step forward with right foot into a back stance, knife hand guarding block middle
19. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, inside-outside block
20. Shift into into a right front stance, reverse middle punch followed by another middle punch.
21. Right side kick middle, landing in a right front stance
22. Reverse elbow strike into right palm (head smash)
23. Step forward with left foot into a back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
24. Turn left 90 degrees into a front stance, simultaneous left low block, right circle block
25. Step forward with right foot into a back stance, fists low
26. Step forward with left foot into a back stance, fists low
27. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, middle punch and kiyap
28. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance while pivoting on right foot, knife-hand guarding block low
29. Step forward with right foot into a back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
30. Step back with right foot into a right back stance, slow motion downward palm pressing block with left hand
31. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, middle punch.
32. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block low
33. Step forward with left foot into a back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
34. Step back with left foot into a left back stance, slow motion downward palm pressing block with right hand
35. Step forward with left foot into a front stance, middle punch.
