Pal-gwe 2

High Yellow

Descriptive of a world made up of elements both conflicting and harmonious, i.e. sky and earth, light and dark, man and woman, and good and evil. These elements meet and depart from one another according to the laws of nature, always growing and developing.

20

1. Turn 90 degrees to the left into a left front stance while performing a high block
2. High front snap kick with right leg landing in a right front stance while performing a high punch
3. Turn 180 degrees to the right into a right front stance while performing a high block
4. High front snap kick with left leg landing in a left front stance while performing a high punch
5. Turn 90 degrees to the left into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block low
6. Step forward into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
7. Step forward into a left front stance, high block
8. Step forward into a right front stance, high section punch and kiyap
9. Turn 270 degrees to the left (while pivoting on the right foot) into a left front stance while performing a high block
10. High front snap kick with right leg landing in a right front stance while performing a high punch
11. Turn 180 degrees to the right into a right front stance while performing a high block
12. High front snap kick with left leg landing in a left front stance while performing a high punch
13. Turn 90 degrees to the left into a right back stance, fists low
14. Step forward into a left back stance, inner forearm block (both palms up)
15. Step forward into a right back stance, outside-inside block
16. Step forward into a right front stance, high section punch and kiyap
17. Turn 270 degrees to the left (pivoting on right foot) into a left front stance while performing a high block
18. High front snap kick with right leg landing in a right front stance while performing a high punch
19. Turn 180 degrees to the right into a right front stance while performing a high block
20. High front snap kick with left leg landing in a left front stance while performing a high punch
