Po-eun

2nd Dan ITF

The pseudonym of loyal subject Chong Mong-Chu (1400) who was a famous poet and whose poem, “I Would Not Serve a Second Master Though I Might be Crucified a Hundred Times”, is known to every Korean.  He was also a pioneer in the field of physics.

36

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance, left outer forearm block
2. Pull right foot to left knee to form a left one leg stance while executing an upward punch
3. Turn right 180 degrees, right side kick middle, placing foot down into a riding horse stance
4. Right knife hand strike
5. Simultaneous backward right elbow strike (hand at side) and left punch to right side, left hand just above right hand
6. Simultaneous right inside-outside circle block, left low block (facing front of room)
7. Simultaneous left inside-outside circle block, right low block
8. Double inside-outside circle blocks
9. Place right hand in left palm (at high chamber punch position)
10. Execute right high punch holding left hand in place so it slaps the upper right bicep (fast technique), then immediately
11. Place left hand in right palm (at high chamber punch position)
12. Execute left high punch while holding the right hand in place so it slaps the upper left bicep (fast technique)
13. Turn right 90 degrees by stepping across with left foot in front of right into an x-stance, left fingertip groin strike with right hand at left wrist (open hand finger tips touching wrist)
14. Step forward with right foot into a left back stance, U-shaped block
15. Bring left foot to right into a closed stance, double high backwards elbow strikes with hands in fists
16. Turn left 180 degrees into a right back stance, simultaneous left low block and right back fist strike to the head
17. Step across with right foot in front of left into an x-stance, right fingertip groin strike with left fist striking right palm
18. Step forward with left leg into a right back stance, low inverted ridge hand block
19. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, right outer forearm block
20. Pull left foot to right knee to form a right one leg stance while executing an upward punch
21. Turn left 180 degrees, left side kick middle, placing foot down into a riding horse stance
22. Left knife hand strike
23. Simultaneous backward left elbow strike (hand at side) and right punch to left side, right hand just above left hand
24. Simultaneous left inside-outside circle block, right low block (facing front of room)
25. Simultaneous right inside-outside circle block, left low block
26. Double inside-outside circle blocks
27. Place left hand in right palm (at high chamber punch position)
28. Execute left high punch while holding the right hand in place so it slaps the upper left bicep (fast technique), then immediately
29. Place  right hand in left palm (at high chamber punch position)
30. Execute right high punch while holding the left hand in place so it slaps the upper right bicep (fast technique)
31. Turn left 90 degrees by stepping across with right foot in front of left into an x-stance, right fingertip groin strike with left hand at right wrist (open hand finger tips touching the wrist)
32. Step forward with left foot into a right back stance, U-shaped block
33. Bring right foot to left into a closed stance, double backwards elbow strikes with hands in fists
34. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, simultaneous right low block and left back fist strike to the head
35. Step across with left foot in front of right into an x-stance, left fingertip groin strike with right fist striking the left palm
36. Step forward with right leg into a left back stance, low inverted ridge hand block and kiyap.
