Pyong Won

4th Dan ITF

A vast, open plain that stretches away in all directions and imparts a feeling of majesty and life.

21

1. Stand at attention with the right hand over left below waist with feet together, step out with left foot shoulder width apart. Hands are separated and brought very slowly out to the sides in knife hand blocks. (movement takes about 5 seconds)
2. Remain in stance and slowly bring palms together and slowly push up before face.
3. Turn right and move right foot into a left back stance and execute a low knife hand block with right hand and left fist at side of body.
4. Turn 180 into a right back stance and execute a middle knife hand block with left hand and right fist at side of body.
5. Step out with left foot in front stance and execute an upward elbow strike with right elbow to the chin.
6. Execute a front middle kick with right leg, step down and execute a reverse side kick with left leg, step down with left foot into a left back stance and execute a knife hand middle block.
7. Remain in stance and execute a low knife hand block in a circular motion.
8. Step out with the right foot into a horse stance and execute a high inside outside forearm block with right arm as the left arm covers the body in horizontal position.
9. Pick up the right foot swing the right arm back, stomp down with right foot into a horse stance and execute a downward back fist (Ki Hop) as the left arm covers the body in horizontal position, remain in stance and execute a downward back fist with left arm as the right covers the body in horizontal position.
10. Step the left foot across the right foot into an x-stance and execute elbow strikes.
11. Step out with right foot into a horse stance and execute a mountain block.
12. Shift weight to the left foot and execute a diamond block, remain in stance and bring both fists to the left hip.
13. Execute right leg middle side kick, step down with right foot into a front stance and execute an upward elbow strike with left elbow to the chin.
14. Execute a front middle kick with left leg, step down and execute a reverse side kick with right leg, step down with right foot into a right back stance and execute a knife hand middle block.
15. Remain in stance and execute a low knife hand block in a circular motion.
16. Step out with the left foot into a horse stance and execute a high inside outside forearm block with left arm as the right arm covers the body in horizontal position.
17. Pick up the left foot swing the left arm back, stomp down with left foot into a horse stance and execute a downward back fist (Ki Hop) as the right arm covers the body in horizontal position, remain in stance and execute a downward back fist with right arm as the left covers the body in horizontal position.
18. Step the right foot across the left foot into an x-stance and execute elbow strikes.
19. Step out with left foot into a horse stance and execute a mountain block.
20. Shift weight to the right foot and execute a diamond block, remain in stance and bring both fists to the right hip.
21. Execute a left leg middle side kick, step down with left foot into a left front stance and execute an elbow strike with the right elbow into the palm of the left hand.
