Sam-Il

3rd Dan

On March 1st, 1919, thirty three Koreans who represented the Independence movement signed the Declaration of Independence. 

33

1. Step forward with left leg in a right back stance, fighting stance. Kiyap
2. Step forward with right leg in a right front stance, execute a high double forearm support block.
3. Step forward with left leg in a left front stance while executing a high right knife hand block and bringing the left palm on top of the right knife hand block (placed on top of wrist).
4. Execute a right middle twisting kick while keeping the hands in the same position.
5. Step down with the right foot into a right front stance, execute a right middle punch, Kiyap.
6. Move the right foot to the left into a horse stance while executing a middle inside outside wedging block.
7. Slide the left leg to the side into a left front stance, low right fingertip strike with left fist over right shoulder.
8. Slide left leg into a right back stance, execute left low block and high right outer forearm block.
9. Step forward with right foot into a horse stance while executing a middle inside-outside wedging block.
10. Slide the right leg into a left back stance, twin low section punches.
11. Step forward with left foot into a left front stance execute a high arc hand block.
12. Step forward with right foot into a right front stance, left reverse middle punch. Kiyap.
13. Slide the right foot to the side into a right back stance, twin low section punches.
14. Slide the left foot to the side into a right back stance, execute high ridge hand block.
15. Maintain stance, U shape block.
16. Pick up right leg and execute right sweeping kick into a left back stance, U shape block,
17. Jump and spin counter-clockwise, landing in a left back stance, execute middle knife hand guarding block.
18. Execute a right middle side kick while executing knife hand block.
19. Lower right foot to left foot, then move left foot into a left front stance, while striking the left palm with right elbow.
20. Move right foot into an off centered 45 degree horse stance, left elbow strike with right palm supporting left fist, turn head left to the back.
21. Slide right foot into a right front stance, execute X-fist low.
22. Step the left foot in a stomping motion into a horse stance, execute mountain block.
23. Execute a left middle side kick while forming a fighting guarding block.
24. Lower left foot into a left back stance, execute low knife hand block.
25. Step left foot into a right cat stance while executing a slow motion upward left hand palm block.
26. Step the right foot forward into a left back stance while executing twin low pressing blocks.
27. Step with left foot into a left front stance while executing  twin upset punches,
28. Step forward with right foot into a left back stance, right low block,
29. Maintain stance, execute a left middle 45 degree angle punch while bringing the right fist over the left shoulder.
30. Pivot on right foot 180 degrees into a left front stance, execute a middle right outside-inside block.
31. Maintain stance, execute a high left hand punch.
32. Execute a middle left front snap kick.
33. Step down with left foot and then step forward with right foot in a stomping motion into a right front stance, execute high twin vertical punches. Kiyap.
