Se-Jong

5th Dan ITF

Named after King Se Jong (1397-1450), the inventor of the Korean alphabet (Hangul).

24

1. (To left wall) low block left with left foot in a left front stance and kiyap.
2. (To right wall) bring left foot to right foot, slide right foot in Left Back Stance twin forearm guarding block.
3. (To front of room) right side kick middle, set right foot down.
4. Step to the left, left high rising block in a left front stance.
5. Slide left foot to the right foot  toward front of room; then right foot  steps into left back stance with right knife hand strike (neck high)
6. Slide right foot to left foot (feet together facing front of room) putting left hand over right fist at waist level (this is ready stance).
7. Twist body to the right with fists still engaged, then jump out with left foot standing and right foot behind in an X-stance, left back fist with the right vertical knife hand position (vertically supporting  the outside edge of left backfist--at nose level.)
8. Stepping to the right of the room. Step forward in a right front stance, right high section punch.
9. Slide right foot into a right back stance toward the left wall (in a fighting stance).
10. Step forward (still facing left wall) in a right front stance, kwansu.
11. Slide right foot to left foot, turn to the right wall in a left front stance, left back fist.
12. Picking up left foot, turning to back of room in a horse stance, slow motion left hand upward palm pressing.
13. Left round house kick middle section.
14. Land in an X-stance, double forearm guarding (support) block.  (Rt hand supports extended left hand block on the dbl forearm)
15. Right foot slides out in a horse stance, slow motion right middle section punch.
16. Left downward back fist with right arm supporting underneath (palm facing down).
17. Right foot steps behind left foot ..then left foot moves to the left in a horse stance, twin down palm block.
18. Slide left foot back 45 degree angle, slow motion pan block from the left side.
19. Pick up left foot standing on right foot, low block left with a right high outer arm block.
20. Step back with left foot in a right front stance, simultaneous pressing block (right hand goes down and left hand goes up.)
21. Pick up left foot standing  on right foot (place foot behind back of right knee). High right back fist with left hand slapping at the back of the fist.
22. Bring left foot forward in a left back stance facing back of room, left backward elbow strike looking to the back of room (right chambered fist)
23. Pick up right foot in a left back stance to the right wall, knife hands middle.
24. Slide right foot to left foot, step out with left foot into right back stance, right reverse middle section punch, kiyap.
