Sip Jin

5th Dan WTF

The literal meaning is decimal system. It represents endless growth and development in a balanced systemic order.

28

1. Raise both arms slowly to execute twin knife hand blocks (fast as arms reach forehead).
2. Step 90 degree left with left foot into a right back stance and execute twin forearm guarding block
3. Open left hand and turn it palm down in a slow grasping motion. Slide the left foot into a left front stance and execute a right palm down flat fingertip strike middle section, left middle punch, right reverse middle punch.
4. Step forward to the right with right foot, into a horse stance mountain block.
5. Step forward with left foot across right foot into a twist stance, right fists pulls back to chamber and left hand crosses in front of chest, step out with right foot into a horse stance and execute a right middle section punch. Kiyap
6. Turn 180 degrees right and step with the right foot into a horse stance, execute a simultaneous outward elbow strikes middle section.
7. Move left foot to right left, step right foot out into a left back stance and execute a twin forearm guarding block.
8. Open right hand and turn it palm down in a slow grasping motion. Slide the right foot into a right front stance and execute a left palm down flat fingertip strike middle section, right middle punch, left reverse middle punch.
9. Step forward to the left with left foot into a horse stance mountain block.
10. Step forward with right foot across left foot into a twist stance, left fists pulls back to chamber and right hand crosses in front of chest, step out with left foot into a horse stance and execute a left middle section punch. Kiyap
11. Turn 180 degrees left and step with the left foot into a horse stance, execute a simultaneous outward elbow strikes middle section.
12. Turn 90 degrees right and step out right into a left back stance and execute twin forearm guarding block.
13. Open right hand and turn it palm down in a slow grasping motion. Slide the right foot into a right front stance and execute a left palm down flat fingertip strike middle section, right middle punch, left reverse middle punch.
14. Step forward with left foot into right back stance and execute low left knife hand block.
15. Remain in stance and bring both open hands to the right hip, step forward with right foot into a right front stance and slowly raise hands up and forward in a powerful pushing motion high section (boulder block).
16. Pivot 90 degrees left on left foot as right slides into a horse stance, execute simultaneous inside-outside circular knife hands slow motion block middle section with palms up.
17. Remain in stance and execute simultaneous slow motion low knife hand blocks to both sides.
18. Keep feet in place and slowly straighten knees out until standing upright as hands close into fists.
19. Turn 90 degrees left into a left front stance. Slowly Sweep left forearm across in horizontal position in front of the body, right arm elbow travels backward.
20. Remain in stance and bring open hands to right hip. Remain in stance and slowly raise both hands up and forward in a powerful pushing motion high section (boulder block).
21. Remain in stance and bring both fists to left hip. Right middle front snap kick and bring fists to right hip, Step down with right foot into a right front stance and execute twin middle punches.
22. Remain in stance and bring both fists to right hip. Execute a left middle front snap kick, step down with left foot into a left front stance and execute twin middle punches.
23. Remain in stance and bring both fists to the left hip, right middle front snap kick and bring both fists to left hip, hop forward into a x stance with a middle forearm guarding block.  Kiyap
24. Turn 180 degrees left into a left front stance and bring both open hands to the right hip. Remain in stance slowly raise hands up and forward in a powerful pushing motion high section (boulder block).
25. Slide left foot back into a cat stance and execute a low x block using palms out knife hands.
26. Step forward with right foot into a left back stance, execute a middle section right ridge hand block and left arm protecting the middle section with palm down.
27. Step forward with left foot into a right back stance and execute left middle section punch with right arm fist protecting the middle section.
28. Step forward with right foot into a left back stance and execute right middle section punch with left arm fist protecting the middle section.
