So-San

5th Dan

The pseudonym of the great monk Choi Hyong Ung (1520-1604) during the Lee Dynasty. The 72 movements refer to his age when he organized a corps of monk soldiers with the assistance of his pupil Sa Myung Dang. The monk soldiers helped repeal the Japanese pirates who overran most of the Korean peninsula in 1592. 

72

1. Step back with right leg into a right cat stance, execute fighting stance .
2. Slide left out into a left front stance, execute a right middle horizontal punch (punch with thumb on top).
3. Step back with left leg into a left cat stance, execute fighting stance,
4. Slide right out into a right front stance, execute a left middle horizontal punch (punch with thumb on  top).
5. Pivot both feet to the left 45 degree angle turn body and execute a high right knife hand block.
6. Pivot both feet to the right 45 degree angle into a horse stance, execute left middle punch.
7. Execute a high left knife hand block into a right front stance.
8. Execute a right middle punch.
9. Move the right leg by turning clockwise into a parallel stance, execute high twin horizonal knife hand strikes (striking attackers behind you).
10. Execute high right side kick and keeping the same positions of the hands from previous movement.
11. Immediately turn counter-clockwise and execute a high right roundhouse kick.
12. Lower the right leg down in a jumping motion into a right x-stance, execute high right back fist with left  palm supporting the back fist.
13. Move the left foot into a parallel stance, execute high twin horizontal knife hand strikes. (striking attackers behind you).
14. Execute high left side kick and keeping the same positions of the hands from previous movement.
15. Immediately turn clockwise and execute a high left roundhouse kick.
16. Lower the left down in a jumping motion into a left x-stance, execute a high left back fist with right palm supporting the back fist.
17. Move the left leg into a right back stance (quarter turn to the right), execute twin low punches.
18. Bring the right hand over left fist and twist up in a circular motion with left back fist faces downward while still holding fists together and sliding left leg out into  left front stance.
19. Execute a high right reverse punch.
20. Turn 180 degrees into a left back stance, execute twin low punches.
21. Bring the left hand over right fist and twist up in a circular motion with right back fist faces downward while still holding fists together and sliding right leg out into right front stance.
22. Execute high left reverse punch.
23. Step forward with left leg into a right back  stance, execute right uppercut punch  and bring left arm in front of right shoulder.
24. Execute a right downward back fist strike with left arm supporting underneath while sliding right foot back into a left front stance.
25. Turn 180 degrees into a left back stance, execute a left uppercut punch and bring right arm in front of left shoulder.
26. Execute a left downward back fist strike with right arm supporting underneath while sliding left foot back into a right front stance.
27. Turn 90 degrees to the right into a right front stance with twin low blocks.
28. Jump to  execute flying right front snap kick.
29. Land in a left back stance, execute fight stance with knife hands.
30. Step back with the right foot into a left front stance, execute high right outside-inside block.
31. Execute left middle punch.
32. Turn 180 degrees clockwise into a right front stance, execute high left outside-inside block.
33. Execute right middle punch.
34. Pivot on both feet to the left at 100 degrees into a left front stance, execute twin middle arc hand  block.
35. Maintain stance, execute outside-inside high right knife hand strike with left arm In front of right shoulder.
36. Turn to the right 100 degrees into a right front stance, execute a left inside-outside circular inner forearm block.
37. Execute a high right punch
38. Execute middle left front snap kick , keep position of right punch extended.
39. Lower left leg down into a left front stance, execute middle left punch.
40. Maintain stance, execute middle right reverse punch.
41. Maintain left front stance, execute high x-knife hand block.
42. Pivot on both feet to the right at 100 degrees into a right front stance, execute twin middle arc hand block.
43. Maintain stance, execute outside-inside high left knife hand strike with right arm in front of left shoulder.
44. Turn to the left 100 degrees into a left front stance, execute a right inside-outside circular forearm block.
45. Execute a high left punch.
46. Execute middle right front snap kick, keep position of left punch extended.
47. Lower right leg down into a right front stance, execute middle right punch.
48. Maintain stance, execute middle left reverse punch.
49. Maintain right front stance, execute high x-knife hand block.
50. Step forward with the left leg 45 degrees and step forward with right leg turning counter-clockwise into a right back stance, execute low knife hand block.
51. Jump forward spinning counter-clockwise into a right back stance, execute fighting stance.
52. Slide the left foot out into left front stance, execute a low right knife hand block and a middle left inside-outside inner forearm block.
53. Maintain stance, execute high right reverse punch.
54. Execute middle left punch while shifting into a right back stance.
55. Step forward with the right leg 45 degrees and step forward with left leg turning clockwise into a left back stance, execute low knife hand block.
56. Jump forward spinning clockwise into a left back stance, execute fighting stance.
57. Slide the right foot out into right front stance, execute a low left knife hand block and a middle right inside-outside inner forearm block.
58. Maintain stance, execute high left reverse punch.
59. Execute middle right punch while shifting into a left back stance.
60. Step back with the right leg just beyond the left foot, step back with the left leg into a left back stance, execute a scooping block with the right palm.
61. Maintain stance, execute left middle punch.
62. Turn clockwise into a left bending stance, right leg up to left knee and fists in fighting position.
63. Execute high right side kick.
64. Lower the right leg down into a right front stance, execute left middle reverse punch.
65. Step back with the right leg into a right back stance, execute middle knife hand block.
66. Step back with the left leg just beyond the right foot, step back with the right leg into a right back stance, execute a scooping block with the left palm.
67. Maintain stance, execute right middle punch.
68. Turn counter- clockwise into a right bending stance, left leg up to right knee and fists in fighting position.
69. Execute high left side kick.
70. Lower the left leg down into a left front stance, execute right middle reverse punch.
71. Step back with the left leg into a left back stance, execute middle knife hand block.
72. Execute a high right punch while sliding into a right front stance. Kiyap
