Tae Baek

3rd Dan WTF

Sacred Mountain, Mount Paekdoo is the highest and grandest mountain in Korea.

26

1. Turn left 90 degrees in a left front cat stance and execute low knife hand blocks with both hands
2. Right front snap kick middle section, step down with right foot into a right front stance, right middle punch, left reverse middle punch.
3. Pivot 180 degrees right on left foot into a right cat stance and execute low knife blocks with both hands.
4. Left front snap kick middle section, step down with left foot into a left front stance , left middle punch, right reverse middle punch.
5. Step 90 degree left with left foot into a left front stance, execute simultaneous left hand high block and right knife hand strike
6. Turn right palm down and close fingers into a fist, then step forward with right foot into a right right arm twists
7. Turn left palm down and close fingers into a fist, then step forward with left foot into a left front stance and execute a right middle reverse punch.
8. Turn right palm down and close fingers into a fist, then step forward with right foot into a right front stance and execute a left middle reverse punch. Kiyap
9. Turn 270 degrees left into a right back stance and execute twin fist block.
10. Remain in stance and pull left fist to right shoulder while executing a right upper cut punch.
11. Remain in stance and execute a left middle punch.
12. Shift weight to right foot and pick up left foot to right knee while bringing both fists to right hip.
13. Execute a left middle section side kick, step down with left foot into a left front stance, execute a right elbow strike into left palm.
14. Turn 180 degrees right into a left back stance and execute a twin fist block.
15. Remain in stance and pull right fist to left shoulder while executing a left upper cut punch.
16. Remain in stance and execute a right middle punch.
17. Shift weight to left foot and pick up right foot to left knee while bringing both fists to left hip.
18. Execute a right middle section side kick, step down with right foot into a right front stance, execute a left elbow strike into right palm.
19. Slide right leg back and move left foot forward into a right back stance, knife hand middle guarding block
20. Step forward with the right foot into a right front stance and execute a right kwansu.
21. While keeping the feet in the same place, twist the right shoulder so the trunk turns 180 degrees, the left forearm remains across the body while the right arm twists to point the elbow up, pivot 180 degrees left on right foot and step forward with the left foot into a right back stance. Execute a back fist strike to the head with the left hand.
22. Step forward with the right foot into a right front stance and execute right middle section punch. Kiyap
23. Pivot 270 degrees left on the right foot and step out with the left foot into a left front stance, execute a simultaneous left low block and right inside-outside middle section block.
24. Execute a right middle section front snap kick, step down with the right foot into a right front stance, execute a right middle section punch, reverse left middle section punch.
25. Turn 180 degrees right with the right foot into a right front stance and execute a simultaneous right low block and left inside-outside middle section block.
26. Execute a left middle section front snap kick, step down with the left foot into a left front stance, execute a left middle section punch, reverse right middle section punch.
