Toi-Gye

Brown Belt (2nd Gup Temp)

The pen name of the noted scholar Yi Hwang (16th century AD), an authority on Neo-confucianism.  The 37 movements of this pattern refer to his birthplace on the 37th parallel and the diagram (+) means scholar.

37

1. Turn left 90 degrees into a right back stance, inside-outside block
2. Shift into a left front stance, right low fingertip strike to groin with left knife-hand protecting head with palm toward face
3. Turn right 90 degrees into a closed (feet together) stance facing front of room, simultaneous right outer forearm block and left low block with arms out in front of the body, shoulder width apart
4. Turn right 90 degrees into a left back stance, inside-outside block
5. Shift into a right front stance, left low fingertip strike to groin with right knife-hand protecting head with palm toward face
6. Turn left 90 degrees into a closed (feet together) stance facing front of room, simultaneous left outer forearm block and right low block with arms out in front of the body, shoulder width apart
7. Step forward with left leg into a left front stance, x-block low
8. Twin fists high (no step)
9. Right front snap kick high landing in a right front stance with a
10. High punch
11. Reverse high punch
12. Bring back (left) leg to right leg while turning left 90 degrees into a closed (feet together) stance, rising to balls of feet as they come together and then heels back on floor as movement is completed.  Fists come to rest on hips as this movement is completed and exhale audibly
13. Turn right 90 degrees by stepping forward with right foot with a stomping motion into a riding horse stance and performing a mountain block (or W block), (facing back of room)
14. Pivot on right foot 180 degrees by stepping forward with left foot with a stomping motion into a riding horse stance and performing a mountain block (facing front of room)
15. Pivot on right foot 180 degrees by stepping forward with left foot with a stomping motion into a riding horse stance and performing a mountain block (facing back of room)
16. Pivot on left foot 180 degrees by stepping forward with right foot with a stomping motion into a riding horse stance and performing a mountain block (facing front of room)
17. Pivot on right foot 180 degrees by stepping forward with left foot with a stomping motion into a riding horse stance and performing a mountain block (facing back of room)
18. Pivot on right foot 180 degrees by stepping forward with left foot with a stomping motion into a riding horse stance and performing a mountain block (facing front of room)
19. Bring the right foot back into the position for a right back stance and bring the left foot towards the front (i.e. both feet move a short distance, right first then left, in order to form a right back stance toward the front of the room), left fists low but with both palms up
20. Shift into a left front stance, put both hands forward as if grabbing an opponent’s collar with both hands
21. Bring right knee up and smash both hands into knee and kiyap
22. Put right foot down and turn 180 degrees into a right back stance (toward the back of the room), knife-hand guarding block middle
23. Left front snap kick high (front leg), landing in a left front stance with a
24. Left flat fingertip strike high
25. Step forward with right foot into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block middle
26. Right front snap kick high (front leg), landing in a right front stance with a
27. Right flat fingertip strike high
28. Step backwards with right leg into a right back stance, simultaneous left low block and right back fist strike high behind you to the bridge of opponent’s nose
29. Jump forward landing in an x-stance with right foot in front, knees bent slightly, x-block low and kiyap
30. Step out with right foot into a right front stance, double forearm block middle
31. Turn left 270 degrees into a right back stance, knife-hand guarding block low
32. Shift into a left front stance, right inside-outside circle block (the body should be angled left about 45 degrees and brought back to the usual position during the performance of this block and each of the circle blocks described below)
33. Turn right 90 degrees into a closed (feet together) transition stance facing the front of the room, then immediately shift right 90 degrees into a left back stance, knife-hand guarding block low
34. Shift into a right front stance, left inside-outside circle block
35. Right inside-outside circle block
36. Left inside-outside circle block (turning the body with each of these blocks to generate power)
37. Turn left 90 degrees by pivoting on left foot, bring the right foot to the left knee, then set it down into a horse stance (facing front of room), right middle punch and kiyap
