Tong-Il

6th Dan ITF

Denotes the resolution of the unification of Korea which has been divided since 1945. The diagram symbolises the homogenous race.

56

1. Stepback with right root in a front stance..slow motion middle punches (parallel arms), kiyap
2. Step back left in a front stance, twin knife hand strike ..slow motion (neck height)
3. Step forward in left back stance outside/inside block middle
4. Shift right foot into a front stance (left foot forward) downward finger tip strike (palm up) left hand guards face
5. Step forward right root in a 50/50 left back stance with middle section right punch
6. Then..(without moving feet) punch left hand 45 degree angle mid section
7. Pick up left foot to front of room in a right back stance stomping down, knife hand strike (neck height)
8. Right foot crescent kick slapping left vertical hand..
9. Setting foot down in a left back stance (facing left wall while looking to front of room) with a right knife hand strike (neck height)
10. Crescent kick with your left foot slapping right palm
11. Landing in a right back stance reaching up to sky, slow motion..downward twin palm pressing stopping at sternum.
12. Step forward with right foot in a front stance, right hand slow motion circular block, finish with an inside-outside right ridge hand block, mid-section.
13. Without moving feet, left hand slow motion circular block, finish with an inside-outside ridge hand block, mid-section.
14. Right hand middle punch.
15. Punch left middle section, kiyap.
16. Moving to back of room, pick up right foot (pivoting on left leg) performing a right leg crescent kick to the back of room (so you will turn clockwise 180 degrees) landing in a left back stance.
17. Right hand downward back fist.
18. Reverse(turning counter clockwise 180 degrees while pivoting right foot) left crescent kick (facing back of room) landing in a right back stance
19. Left downward back fist.
20. Shift your right foot (which is currently your back foot) to the front of room in a right front stance, reverse high section punch.
21. Right high section punch, kiyap.
22. Step forward into a right back stance, slow motion upward left wrist block.
23. Step forward in left back stance slow motion upward right wrist block.
24. Shift weight to back of room in a left front stance, simultaneous slow motion pressing block (right hand going down, left hand going up)
25. Step forward in a right front stance, simultaneous slow motion pressing block (right hand going up, left hand going down.)
26. Bring left to right foot (feet touching), reach hand upward (heaven hands) and drop in an outer circular motion, bringing hands together (vertical left knife hand; striking with horizontal right knife hand)
27. Pick up left foot to front of room in a left front stance, high knife hand block.
28. Reverse middle punch
29. Step forward in a left back stance, left upper cut punch, right fist guarding face.
30. Stepping backward with right foot in a left front stance (still facing front of room), a left high-section hooking spear fingers (also called a high thrust with a right angle finger tip)
31. Shift weight to back of room right foot front stance, right knife hand rising block
32. Reverse middle punch (left fist)
33. Step forward with left foot in a right back stance, right upper cut punch, left fist guarding face.
34. Stepping back with left foot in a right front stance (still facing back of room) a right high-section hooking spear finger.
35. Pivot on left foot and slide right foot into a left back stance; swing arms in and upward circular motion (up and to the back) coming down in a ridge hand low.
36. Shift weight to front of room to a right back stance, swing in an upward circular motion coming down in a ridge hands low
37. Shift into a left front stance; simultaneous right low block, and a left inside/outside knife hand block (middle section)
38. Step forward in a right front stance; twin fists high
39. Pick up right foot and place against left knee (not touching); left hand slaps back of forearm and while executing a downward right back fist (nose height)
40. Execute a side kick to the back of room with your right foot, mid section; simultaneously U-shape punch to front of room, while looking to back of room
41. Plant right foot down in a horse stance  (facing east wall) in a W-shape block (like a mountain block only palms face outward)
42. Shuffle step to the back of room still in  a horse stance, execute a W-shape block
43. Pick up right foot toward front of room turn 180 degrees facing west wall in a horse stance, W-shape block
44. Shuffle step to the back of the room in a horse stance, execute a W-shape block
45. Pick up left leg turn 45 degrees, facing back of room standing on right leg while lifting left leg to knee (not touching); right hand slaps back of left forearm while executing a downward left back fist (nose height).
46. Execute a side kick to the front of room with left leg while looking at your kick, simultaneous U-shape punch to the back of the room.
47. Swing your right foot across you left into a left X stance; X block fists low
48. Slide right leg back in a left front stance; left hand outside/inside block while right fist chambered.
49. Step forward with right foot in a right front stance; right hand outside/inside block (mid-section); left fist chambered.
50. Without moving feet..Reverse palm fist strike mid-section
51. Right hand circle block (mid-section) finishing at a 45 degree angle towards east wall in a knife hand middle block
52. Pick up left foot into a left front stance; reverse palm strike mid section, left hand chambered
53. Left hand circle block (mid-section) finishing at a 45 degree angle towards west wall in a knife hand middle block.
54. Pick up right foot, side kick to front of room looking at kick;  bring kicking foot back to left foot (feet together) facing front of room; simultaneous twin backward elbow strike (looking forward)
55. Stepping forward with left foot in a horse stance facing east wall, middle section lunge punch to front of room
56. Pick up right leg (slide) into a left front stance facing front of room, reverse mid section punch and kiyap
