Ul-Ji

4th Dan

Named after the general Ul-Ji Moon Dok who successfully defended Korea against  a Tang’s invasion force of nearly one million soldiers led by Yang Je in 612 A.D., Ul-Ji employing hit and run tactics was able to decimate a large percentage of the force. The diagram representing his surname. The 42 movements represent the author's age when he designed the pattern.

42

1. Move left foot back and into a right front stance while executing horizontal strike with twin side fists. Kiyap
2. Move the right foot into a left front stance, execute downward  x-fist blocks.
3. Maintain left front stance, execute high x-knife hand blocks.
4. Maintain Front stance, execute a high right hand knife strike (palm up) and bringing left palm on right elbow joint.
5. Move left foot to the back 180 into a horse stance, execute a horizontal strike with left back hand and right fist to the side of waist.
6. Execute a right crescent kick to the left palm.
7. Lower the right foot into a horse stance while striking the left palm with the right elbow.
8. Execute back left elbow strike while placing right side fist on the left fist.
9. Execute simultaneous left low block and right back fist strike in a horse stance.
10. Bring the left foot to the right foot feet together at the same time thrusting with twin side elbow strikes (fists placed on hips).
11. Cross the left foot in front of the right foot, forming a right x-stance, facing the direction while keeping fists on hips.
12. Execute a right middle side kick, keeping fists on hips.
13. Lower right foot down and then cross left foot in front of right foot, forming a right x-stance, execute horizontal thrust twin elbow strikes.
14. Move the right foot into a horse stance while executing twin horizontal punches.
15. Execute a high front right knife hand strike while executing a high left knife hand block while standing up.
16. Execute twin knife hand blocks in a right back stance.
17. Execute a jump reverse side kick with right leg.
18. Land and form a right front stance while executing a middle double forearm block.
19. Bring left foot to right foot feet together, bring left palm around right fist middle section
20. Jump into a right x-stance with left foot behind right foot, execute a high right back fist while bringing left palm to the side of the right back fist.
21. Move the left foot back into a right front stance and execute a high left reverse raising block.
22. Execute a middle left front snap kick.
23. Lower the left leg down into a left front stance while executing a high right reverse punch. Ki ap.
24. Step forward with right foot into a right front stance while executing a right middle section Kwansu.
25. Spin around 180 degrees counter- clockwise into a horse stance while executing a high left back fist strike.
26. Move the right foot turning counter-clockwise and turn body to the left into a right front stance.
27. Jump to execute a flying high scissors motion right front snap kick.
28. Land to form a left back stance while executing a middle x-knife hand block.
29. Step forward with left foot into a right back stance while executing a low x-fist block.
30. Execute a left middle front snap kick while executing a middle wedging block with the inner forearm block (inside-outside).
31. Lower the left foot into a left front stance while executing high vertical twin fist strikes.
32. Step forward with right foot into a left back stance, execute simultaneous right knife hand block and left palm block (shoulder level blocks).
33. Step forward with left leg into a right 50-50 back stance, left middle punch. Kiyap
34. Shift the balance onto the right leg, left leg behind the right. Quickly shift the balance onto the left and in a sliding motion move back two steps, jump up and back into right fighting stance..
35. In same stance, execute a right middle roundhouse kick.
36. Drop kicking leg down and place weight on right leg and execute a left reverse middle side kick.
37. Drop the kicking leg down into a right back stance, fighting stance position.
38. Step back with left leg into a left back stance, execute a right upward palm pressing block.
39. Shift the weight onto the left leg, rotate the body 270 degrees and Move the right leg into a modified right front stance, execute a left circular block twisting the whole body.
40. Pivot on both feet counterclockwise 180 degrees into a modified left front stance, execute a right circular block twisting the whole body.
41. Shift the balance onto the right leg, step back with the left leg into a riding horse stance, execute a left middle punch.
42. Remain in horse stance and execute a right middle punch. Kiyap
