Yoo-Sin

3rd Dan

Named after General Kim Yoo Sin, a commanding general during the Silla dynasty.  The 68 movements refer to the last two figures of 668 AD, the year Korea was unified.  The ready posture signifies a sword drawn to the right rather than the left side, symbolizing Yoo Sin’s mistake of following the king’s orders to fight with foreign forces against his own people. 

68

1. Move left foot into a horse stance, (someone is grabbing you from around the waist) execute a simultaneous backward elbow strike
2. Left foot side-step to right; simultaneous right elbow backward punch, left fist over right fist
3. Side step to left in a horse stance, (same as #2) left backward elbow, right hand punch over left fist
4. Right knife hand hooking block
5. Middle section punch with left hand
6. Left hand knife hand hooking block
7. Right hand, middle section punch (Note #1-7 in a horse stance)
8. Move in a c-step with left foot into a front stance, left outer forearm block high section
9. Right hand inner forearm circular block
10. Left hand, palm circular block
11. Right hand 45 degree middle section punch
12. Draw left back to right foot…right foot steps out into a modified walking front stance, right hand high outer forearm block (fist outward)
13. Inner forearm circular block with left hand
14. Right hand palm circular block
15. Left hand 45 degree middle section punch
16. Right hand scrapes left arm and proceeds with a knife hand with right hand hooking block
17. Left hand 45 degree middle section punch
18. Left hand scrapes right arm and proceeds with a knife hand  in a right hand hooking block
19. Right hand middle section punch
20. Stepping back with right foot in a left front stance, X block fists low
21. X-Block knife hands high
22. Twisting wrists scrape, right hand middle section punch
23. Right foot front snap kick middle landing in a right front stance
24. Left hand middle section punch
25. X block fists low in a right front stance
26. X block knife hands high
27. Twisting wrist scrape middle section left punch
28. Left foot front snap kick middle landing in a front stance
29. Right hand middle section punch (Note: #12-29 are all in a front stance)
30. Step forward with right foot in a left back stance; knife hands middle
31. Step forward with left foot in a right back stance; knife hands middle
32. Step backward with left foot in a left back stance, knife hands middle
33. Step backward with right foot in a right back stance; knife hands middle
34. Step forward with right foot in a right front stance; double forearm guarding block high section
35. Reverse low block
36. Step forward with left foot in a left front stance; double forearm guarding block high section
37. Reverse low block
38. Step forward with right foot in a right front stance; middle section punch and kiyap
39. Shift your weight to the back of the room in a right back stance; high ridge hand block
40. Bring right foot next to left foot (feet touching) in ready stance C position (knifes hands with right over left)
41. Step right foot in a 45 degree stomping motion; twin upset punch
42. Bring right foot back to left (feet touching); stomp out with left foot; twin upset punch
43. Bring left foot back to right foot (feet touching); turn 45 degrees to the right and slide right foot in a left back stance; inside-outside block (palm upward)
44. Reverse middle section punch
45. Bring left foot to right foot (facing back of room); left backward elbow strike, right hand punch to side (fists aligned)
46. Slide left foot 45 degrees to the left (so facing east wall in dojang)  into a right back stance; inside-outside block (palm upward)
47. Reverse middle section punch
48. Bring right foot to left (feet touching) right backward elbow strike, left hand punch (fists aligned)
49. Stepping out with left foot in a right back stance (toward east wall in dojang); U-shape punch
50. Bring right foot to the front and step back with left at the same time in a left back stance; U-shape punch
51. Pick up right foot in horse stance (in dojang facing east wall) outside-inside block right hand with a left hand supporting block (high section)
52. Pick up right foot again and put it back down in same spot (still in horse stance) inside-outside block with palm outward with left hand supporting at the elbow
53. Pick up left foot and set back down in same spot; same as #51..outside-inside block right hand with a left hand supporting block (high section)
54. Knife hand strike to the right
55. Crescent kick with left foot, kicking right hand with foot (without setting foot down do #56)
56. Side kick middle, land in a horse stance (facing west wall in dojang)
57. Knife hand strike with left hand
58. Right leg crescent kick and kicking left hand with foot (without setting foot down do #59)
59. Side kick middle, land in a horse stance (facing east wall of dojang)
60. Nine block in a horse stance with right arm down
61. Switch arms…doing another nine block with left arm down
62. Pick up left foot turning 180 degrees in a clockwise direction, landing in a horse stance, nine block right arm down.
63. Switch arms..doing another nine block with left arm down
64. Slide right foot to left in an L-stance (facing front of room) with heels touching; circular downward knife hand strike
65. (while turning body toward back of room)Pick up right foot and slide it to the back (so right foot is closest to the flags in dojang) in a  left front stance (body is at an angle  between the back wall and west wall of dojang) twin punch high
66. Pick up right foot and turn 180 degrees in counter clockwise directing to opposite corner (you will be facing the corner wall between the front of room and east wall of dojang); twin punch high
67. Slide to left foot (feet touching) then pick up left foot and turn  45 degrees into a right back stance (now facing the corner of front wall and west wall of dojang); knife hands middle
68. Bring left foot to right (feet touching) slide right foot out in a left back stance (now facing corner of room of front wall and east wall of dojang); knife hands middle. ..kiyap.
