Yul-Gok

Low Blue

The pseudonym if the great philosopher Yi I (1536-1584) nicknamed the "Confucious of Korea". The 38 movements of this pattern represent his birthplace on the 38th parallel and the diagram represents scholar.

38

1. Bring left foot to right knee and chamber fists on left side at waist (right fist above left fist, palms facing each other), step with left foot into riding horse stance while performing a slow motion middle punch with left arm
2. While remaining in a riding horse stance, fast right punch middle
3a. Fast left punch middle
3b. Bring left foot to right foot.
4. Bring right foot to left knee and chamber fists on right side at waist (left fist above right fist, palms facing each other), step with right foot into a riding horse stance while performing a slow motion middle punch with right arm
5. While remaining in a riding horse stance, fast left middle punch
6. Fast right middle punch.
7. Bring right foot to left and then step 45 degrees to the right into a right front stance,  inside-outside block
8. High front snap kick with left leg, landing in a left front stance
9. High punch
10. Reverse high punch
11. Bring left foot to right foot and step 45 degrees to left into a left front stance (90 degrees to last stance), inside-outside block
12. High front snap kick with right leg landing in a right front stance
13. Right high punch
14a. Left high punch.
14b. Leaving left arm in high punch position, step 45 degrees to the right with right foot into a right front stance (now facing the direction form began)  
15. Scrape extended left arm with right knife-hand, almost touching the left arm (right arm will end up in high punch position)
16. Leave right arm in high punch position and scrape with left knife-hand, almost touching the right arm
17. Right high punch
18. Leave right arm in high punch position and step forward with left foot into a front stance 
19. Scrape extended right arm with left knife-hand, almost touching the right arm (left arm will end in high punch position)
20. Leave left arm in high punch position and scrape with right knife-hand, almost touching the left arm
21. Left high punch
22. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, high punch and kiyap
23. High side kick with left leg landing in a left front stance
24. Reverse elbow strike into left hand (head smash)
25. Move left leg into line with right leg to form a riding horse stance and turn head 180 degrees (facing opposite direction in which form began)
26. High side kick with right (front) leg landing in a right front stance
27. Reverse elbow strike into right hand (head smash)
28. Turn 90 degrees to the left into a right back stance while pivoting on right foot, twin knife-hand guarding block
29. Step forward with right foot into a right front stance, kwansu
30. Turn right 180 degrees into a left back stance, twin knife-hand guarding block
31. Step forward with left foot into a front stance, kwansu
32. Turn left 90 degrees into a left front stance, outer forearm block
33. Reverse high punch
34. Step forward with right foot into a front stance, outer forearm block
35. Reverse high punch
36. Jump forward landing in an x-stance with weight on left leg and right leg crossed behind left with right shin against left calf, left back fist strike to opponent’s temple and kiyap
37a. Turn 270 degrees right while extending arms up diagonally to the left,  landing in a front stance with a double forearm block
37b. Bring right foot to left foot while extending arms at a diagonal up to the right
38. Turn 180 degrees left into a left front stance, double forearm block
